UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 8, 2023 
ROKU, INC. (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)                                                  
                                                                                                  
  Delaware                           001-38211                  26-2087865                        
  (State or Other Jurisdiction of    -Commission File Number    -IRS Employer Identification No.  
  Incorporation)                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
                                                         
  1155 Coleman Ave San Jose, California           95110  
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)    -Zip Code  
                                                         
(408) 556-9040 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) Not Applicable (Former Name or Former Address, 
if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously 
satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions    
A.2. below):                                                                                                       
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                                          
  Title of Each Class:                       Trading Symbol(s):    Name of Exchange on Which Registered:  
  Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value    “ROKU”                The Nasdaq Global Select Market        
                                                                                                          
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 
of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                                                                                                                   
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;      
Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers On March 8, 2023, Roku, Inc. (the “Company”) announced the           
appointment of Dan Jedda, 51, as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, effective May 1, 2023 (the “Effective      
Date”). The Company’s current Chief Financial Officer, Steve Louden, will cease his service as Chief Financial     
Officer upon the Effective Date and will provide advisory services to the Company as an executive advisor until    
August 2023. A copy of the press release announcing this appointment is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current  
Report. Mr. Jedda has served as the Chief Financial Officer of Stitch Fix, Inc. since December 2020 and will step  
down from that role in April 2023. From June 2005 to December 2020, Mr. Jedda held various positions at Amazon.com,
including serving as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Digital Video (including Amazon Studios),      
Digital Music, and the Advertising and Corporate Development organizations. Previously, Mr. Jedda also served as a 
Controller for Toshiba America and spent several years at Honeywell and ADC Telecommunications in various business 
finance roles, including treasury and internal audit. Mr. Jedda holds a B.A. in Accounting and Finance from the    
University of St. Thomas and an M.B.A. from the University of Minnesota, Carlson School of Management. Pursuant to 
an Offer Letter dated February 11, 2023, Mr. Jedda will receive (i) an annual base salary of $2,100,000, (ii) an   
equity award with a value of $15,600,000 vesting over four years, which will be granted pursuant to the terms of   
the Company’s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, and (iii) a one-timepayment of $50,000 subject to certain conditions.    
Upon the Effective Date, Mr. Jedda will be a participant in the Company’s Amended and Restated Severance Benefit   
Plan, which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-Kfiled with the Securities and   
Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on September 14, 2022 (File No. 001-38211)and will be eligible to participate in the   
Company’s other employee benefits as may be offered from time to time. Mr. Jedda will also enter into the Company’s
standard form of indemnification agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 10.9 to the Company’s Amendment No. 1 to  
the Registration Statement on Form S-1filed with the SEC on September 18, 2017 (File No. 333-220318). Item 9.01    
Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits.                                                                   
                                                                                                 
  Exhibit Number    Description                                                                  
  99.1              Press Release dated March 8, 2023                                            
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  104               Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)  
                                                                                                 
SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                                                                 
  Dated: March 8, 2023         Roku, Inc.                                                        
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                          By:              /s/ Stephen H. Kay                                    
                                           Stephen H. Kay                                        
                                           Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary  
                                                                                                 
