UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 29, 2023
ROKU, INC. (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)                                                  
                                                                                      
  Delaware                           001-38211      26-2087865                        
  (State or Other Jurisdiction of    -Commission    -IRS Employer Identification No.  
  Incorporation)                     File Number                                      
                                                                                      
                                                         
  1155 Coleman Ave San Jose, California           95110  
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)    -Zip Code  
                                                         
( 408) 556-9040 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) Not Applicable (Former Name or Former Address,
if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-Kfiling is intended to simultaneously  
satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions    
A.2. below):                                                                                                       
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                            
  Title of Each Class:                       Trading       Name of Exchange                 
                                             Symbol(s):    on Which Registered:             
  Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value    “ROKU”        The Nasdaq Global Select Market  
                                                                                            
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2of
this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant   
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                                                                 
  Item 2.05  Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities.  
                                                                 
On March 29, 2023, Roku, Inc. (the “Company”) approved a restructuring plan (the “Plan”) to lower the Company’s    
year-over-year operating expense growth and prioritize projects that the Company believes will have a higher return
on investment, which is expected to impact approximately 200 employees, approximately 6% of the Company’s          
workforce, and result in the exit and sublease, or cease use, of certain office facilities that the Company does   
not currently occupy. The Company estimates that it will incur non-recurringcharges of approximately $30 to $35    
million in connection with the Plan, primarily consisting of severance payments, notice pay, employee benefits     
contributions and related costs and impairment charges related to the exit and sublease, or cease use, of certain  
office facilities that the Company does not currently occupy. The Company expects that the majority of the         
restructuring charges will be incurred in the first quarter of fiscal 2023 and that the implementation of the      
headcount reductions, including cash payments, will be substantially complete by the end of the second quarter of  
fiscal 2023. Potential position eliminations are subject to legal requirements that vary by jurisdiction, which may
extend this process beyond the second quarter of fiscal 2023 in certain cases. The charges that the Company expects
to incur are subject to a number of assumptions, including legal requirements in various jurisdictions, and actual 
expenses may differ materially from the estimates disclosed above. Forward-Looking Statements This Current Report  
on Form 8-Kcontains “forward-looking” statements that are based on the Company’s beliefs and assumptions and on    
information currently available to the Company on the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K.Forward-looking      
statements include all statements that are not historical facts and can be identified by terms such as             
“anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “design,” “estimate,” “expect,” “may,” “seek,” “should,” “will,”     
“would” or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms. Forward-looking statements may involve known and  
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Company’s actual results, performance or         
achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These   
statements include, but are not limited to, the number of employee positions that will be affected; the estimate   
and timing of the charges that will be incurred; and the impact on the Company’s operating expense growth rate.    
Except as required by law, the Company assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly,  
or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking      
statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. Further information on factors that could     
cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated by the Company’s forward-     
looking statements is included in the reports the Company has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange          
Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-Kfor the year ended December 31, 2022. All information provided 
in this Current Report on Form 8-Kis as of March 30, 2023, and the Company undertakes no duty to update this       
information unless required by law.                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                           
  Dated: March 30, 2023           Roku, Inc.               
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                           By:    /s/ Steve Louden         
                                  Steve Louden             
                                  Chief Financial Officer  
                                                           
