UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 26, 2024
DOORDASH, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                                              
                                                                     
  Delaware                        001-39759      46-2852392          
  (State or other jurisdiction    -Commission    -I.R.S. Employer    
  of incorporation)               File Number    Identification No.  
                                                                     
303 2nd Street, South Tower, 8th Floor San Francisco, California 94107 (Address of principal executive offices)    
(Zip code) (650) 487-3970 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or      
former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-Kfiling is intended to 
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:              
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                              
  Title of each class                   Trading      Name of each exchange    
                                        Symbol(s)    on which registered      
  Class A common stock, par value of    DASH         The Nasdaq Stock Market  
  $0.00001 per share                                                          
                                                                              
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR §230.405) or Rule 12b-2of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR §240.12b-2).  
Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not  
to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided
pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                                   
                                                          
  Item 1.01  Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.  
                                                          
On April 26, 2024 (the “ Effective Date”), DoorDash, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “ Company”), entered into an
Amendment Agreement (the “ Amendment Agreement”) pursuant to which its existing Revolving Credit and Guaranty      
Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2019, as amended and restated as of August 7, 2020 (as further amended as of   
October 31, 2022, the “ Existing Credit Agreement”), by and among the Company, the guarantors from time to time    
party thereto, the issuing banks from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, was amended and restated in its entirety (the Existing Credit  
Agreement as so amended and restated, the “ Restated Credit Agreement”). The Restated Credit Agreement increases   
the unsecured revolving loan facility (the “ Revolving Loans”) from up to $400.0 million aggregate principal amount
to an aggregate principal amount of up to $800.0 million, with an increase to the letter of credit sublimit from   
$200.0 million to $600.0 million. As of April 26, 2024, there were no Revolving Loans and $111.4 million in        
aggregate face amount of letters of credit outstanding under the Restated Credit Agreement. The proceeds of        
Revolving Loans made under the Restated Credit Agreement may be used for working capital and general corporate     
purposes. The Revolving Loans continue to bear interest, at the Company’s option, at a per annum rate equal to the 
base rate plus a spread of 0% or an adjusted term SOFR rate (based on one, three or six-monthinterest periods) plus
a spread of 1%. The base rate means a rate per annum equal to the highest of the prime rate, the federal funds rate
plus a margin equal to 0.50% and the adjusted term SOFR rate for a 1-monthinterest period plus a margin equal to   
1.00%. Interest is due and payable in arrears quarterly for loans bearing interest at the base rate and at the end 
of an interest period (or at each three-month interval in the case of loans with interest periods greater than     
three months) in the case of loans bearing interest at the adjusted term SOFR rate. The Company is also obligated  
to pay other customary closing fees, arrangement fees, administration fees, commitment fees and letter of credit   
fees for a credit facility of this size and type. The Company may borrow, repay and reborrow Revolving Loans until 
April 26, 2029, at which time the commitments will terminate and all outstanding Revolving Loans, together with all
accrued and unpaid interest, must be repaid. Amounts not borrowed under the Restated Credit Agreement will be      
subject to a commitment fee of 0.10% per annum, payable in arrears on the 15 thday following the last day of each  
fiscal quarter. The Company may prepay the revolving loans and terminate the revolving loan commitments, in whole  
or in part, at any time without premium or penalty, subject to certain conditions, including minimum amounts and   
reimbursement of certain costs in the case of prepayments of adjusted term SOFR loans. The Restated Credit         
Agreement also permits the Company to increase the revolving loan commitments or add one or more new revolving     
credit commitments under the Restated Credit Agreement from time to time, so long as the aggregate amount of such  
increases or additional commitments does not exceed $2.0 billion, subject, in each case, to the receipt of         
additional commitments from existing and/or new lenders and pro forma compliance with the financial covenants set  
forth in the Restated Credit Agreement. The Company’s obligations under the Restated Credit Agreement are          
guaranteed by certain of its domestic subsidiaries meeting materiality thresholds set forth in the Restated Credit 
Agreement. The Restated Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants
that limit or restrict the Company and its subsidiaries’ ability to, among other things, incur subsidiary          
indebtedness, grant liens, merge or consolidate, dispose of substantially all assets of the Company and its        
subsidiaries, taken as a whole, pay dividends or make distributions, repurchase stock, enter into restrictive      
agreements, enter into certain transactions with affiliates and make investments, in each case subject to customary
exceptions for a credit facility of this size and type. The Restated Credit Agreement also requires the Company to 
maintain compliance with a maximum senior net leverage ratio, measured quarterly, determined in accordance with the
terms of the Restated Credit Agreement. The Restated Credit Agreement includes customary events of default that    
include, among other things, non-paymentdefaults, inaccuracy of representations and warranties, covenant defaults, 
cross default to material indebtedness, bankruptcy and insolvency defaults, material judgment defaults, ERISA      
defaults and a change of control default. The occurrence of an event of default could result in the acceleration of
the obligations under the Restated Credit Agreement. Under certain circumstances, a default interest rate will     
apply on all obligations during the existence of an event of default under the Restated Credit Agreement at a per  
annum rate equal to 2.00% above the applicable interest rate for any overdue principal and 2.00% above the rate    
applicable for base rate loans for any other overdue amounts. Certain of the lenders under the Restated Credit     
Agreement and their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking, commercial    
lending and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with the Company or the Company’s         
affiliates. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these             
transactions.                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
  The foregoing description of the Restated Credit Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in   
  its entirety by reference to the Amendment Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on   
  Form8-Kand incorporated by reference into this Item 1.01.Item 2.03Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or   
  an Obligation under anOff-BalanceSheet Arrangement of a Registrant.The information set forth in Item 1.01 above  
  is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.Item 9.01.Financial Statements and                              
  Exhibits.(d)Exhibits.ExhibitNo.Description10.1Amendment Agreement, dated as of April 26, 2024, by and among      
  DoorDash, Inc., the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto, the issuing banks party thereto, and    
  JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent104Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the       
  Inline XBRL document)                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly 
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                         
                                                
  Date: May 1, 2024    /s/ Tony Xu              
 ────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                       Tony Xu                  
                       Chief Executive Officer  
                                                
