                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                               WASHINGTON, DC 20549                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM10-Q                                                      
                                                                                                                   
(Mark One)
                                                                                              
  ☒  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
                                 For the quarterly period endedSeptember 30, 2020                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                        OR                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                               
  ☐  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                         For the transition period fromto                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                         Commission File Number:001-38211                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                    Roku, Inc.                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                               
                                                           
  Delaware                             26-2087865          
  (State or other jurisdiction         -I.R.S. Employer    
  of incorporation or organization)    Identification No.  
                                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                1155 Coleman Avenue                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                             San Jose,California95110                                              
                                                                                                                   
                            (Address of principal executive offices including zip code)                            
                                                                                                                   
                              Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ()                               
                                                                                                                   
                            Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                            
                                                                                                      
  Title of Each Class:                     Trading Symbol(s):  Name of Exchange on Which Registered:  
  Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value  “ROKU”              The Nasdaq Global Select Market        
                                                                                                      
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to
be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,”
“accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
                                                                  
  Large accelerated filer    ☒    Accelerated filer            ☐  
  Non-accelerated filer      ☐    Smaller reporting company    ☐  
  Emerging growth company    ☐                                    
                                                                  
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).
Yes ☐ No ☒

As of October 31, 2020, the registrant had of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and shares of
Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, outstanding.
                                                                                                                   
                                                 Table of Contents                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                           
                                                                                                     Page  
  PART I.   FINANCIAL INFORMATION                                                                       1  
  Item 1.   Financial Statements (Unaudited)                                                            1  
            Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets                                                       1  
            Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations                                             2  
            Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)                            3  
            Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity                                   4  
            Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                             5  
            Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements                              6  
  Item 2.   Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations      23  
  Item 3.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk                                 35  
  Item 4.   Controls and Procedures                                                                    35  
  PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION                                                                          36  
  Item 1.   Legal Proceedings                                                                          36  
  Item 1A.  Risk Factors                                                                               36  
  Item 2.   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds                                70  
  Item 3.   Defaults Upon Senior Securities                                                            70  
  Item 4.   Mine Safety Disclosures                                                                    70  
  Item 5.   Other Information                                                                          70  
  Item 6.   Exhibits                                                                                   71  
            Signatures                                                                                 72  
                                                                                                           
                                                         i                                                         
                                                                                                                   
   NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (“the Securities Act”) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (“the Exchange Act”) about us and our industry that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All
statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this report, including statements regarding our
future results of operations and financial condition, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for
future operations, are forward-looking statements. For example, statements in this Form 10-Q regarding the
potential future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company’s business and results of operations are forward-
looking statements. In some cases, forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “anticipate,”
“believe,” “continue,” “could,” “design,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “potentially,” “predict,”
“project,” “should,” “will” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions.

Forward-looking statements are based on our management’s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently
available. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and
assumptions, including risks described in the section titled “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q, regarding, among other things:
                                                                                                                   
  •  our financial performance, including our revenue, cost of revenue, operating expenses and our ability to      
     attain and sustain profitability;                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •  the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, operations, and the markets and communities in which we  
     and our advertisers, partners, manufacturers, suppliers and users operate;                                    
                                                                                                                   
                                                                            
  •  our ability to attract and retain users and increase streaming hours;  
                                                                            
                                                     
  •  our ability to attract and retain advertisers;  
                                                     
                                                                                                              
  •  our ability to attract and retain TV brands and service operators to license and deploy our technology;  
                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
  •  our ability to acquire rights to distribute popular content on our platform on favorable terms, or at all,    
     including the renewals of our existing agreements with content publishers;                                    
                                                                                                                   
                                                                         
  •  changes in consumer viewing habits and the growth of TV streaming;  
                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
  •  the growth of our relevant markets, including the growth in advertising spend on TV streaming platforms, and  
     our ability to successfully grow our business in those markets;                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •  our ability to adapt to changing market conditions and technological developments, including developing       
     integrations with our platform partners;                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                           
  •  our ability to develop and launch new streaming products and provide ancillary services and support;  
                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
  •  our ability to integrate the business and operations of dataxu, Inc., a demand-side platform (“DSP”) company  
     that we acquired in 2019;                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                            
  •  our ability to compete effectively with existing competitors and new market entrants;  
                                                                                            
                                                                               
  •  our ability to successfully manage domestic and international expansion;  
                                                                               
                                                                               
  •  our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel;  
                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
  •  our abilities to address potential and actual security breaches and system failures involving our products,   
     systems and operations;                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                  
  •  our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual property; and  
                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
     our ability to comply with laws and regulations that currently apply or may become applicable to our          
  •  business both in the United States and internationally, including compliance with the EU General Data         
     Protection Regulation and the California Consumer Privacy Act.                                                
                                                                                                                   
We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q.

Other sections of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may include additional factors that could harm our business
and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risk
factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for our management to predict all risk factors nor can we
assess the impact of all factors on our
                                                        ii                                                         
business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ from
those contained in, or implied by, any forward-looking statements.

You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We cannot assure you that the
events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Although we believe
that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future
results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to
update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this report or to conform these
statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations. You should read this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
and the documents that we reference in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and have filed as exhibits to this report
with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and achievements may be
materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary
statements.

Investors and others should note that we may announce material business and financial information to our investors
using our investor relations website (ir.roku.com/investor-relations), our filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, webcasts, press releases, and conference calls. We use these mediums, including our website, to
communicate with investors and the general public about our company, our products, and other issues. It is possible
that the information that we make available may be deemed to be material information. We therefore encourage
investors and others interested in our company to review the information that we make available on our website.
                                                        iii                                                        
                                                                                                                   
                                           PART I—FINANCIAL INFORMATION                                            
                                                                                                                   
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 1. Financial Statements.                                                                                  │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                                                                   
                                                    ROKU, INC.                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                  (in thousands)                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                    (unaudited)                                                    
                                                                                         
                                                         As of                           
                                                 September 30,          December 31,     
                                                          2020                  2019     
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Assets                                                                                 
  Current Assets:                                                                        
  Cash and cash equivalents                   $      1,047,478       $       515,479     
  Restricted cash                                          746                 1,854     
  Accounts receivable, net of allowances               391,277               332,673     
  Inventories                                           62,609                49,714     
  Prepaid expenses and other current                    30,985                25,943     
  assets                                                                                 
  Total current assets                               1,533,095               925,663     
  Property and equipment, net                          158,634               103,262     
  Operating lease right-of-use assets                  267,094               283,291     
  Intangible assets, net                                65,737                76,668     
  Goodwill                                              73,058                74,116     
  Other non-current assets                               6,392                 7,234     
  Total Assets                                $      2,104,010       $     1,470,234     
  Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity                                                   
  Current Liabilities:                                                                   
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities    $        412,798       $       313,574     
  Current portion of long-term debt                      4,872                 4,866     
  Deferred revenue, current                             48,004                39,861     
  Total current liabilities                            465,674               358,301     
  Long-term debt, non-current                           91,087                94,742     
  Deferred revenue, non-current                         18,134                15,370     
  Operating lease liability, non-current               311,072               301,694     
  Other long-term liabilities                            1,668                 1,701     
  Total Liabilities                                    887,635               771,808     
  Stockholders’ Equity:                                                                  
  Common stock, $0.0001 par value                           13                    12     
  Additional paid-in capital                         1,616,045             1,012,218     
  Accumulated other comprehensive income                    29                    29     
  Accumulated deficit                                 (399,712  )           (313,833  )  
  Total stockholders’ equity                         1,216,375               698,426     
  Total Liabilities and Stockholders’         $      2,104,010       $     1,470,234     
  Equity                                                                                 
                                                                                         
                      See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                         1                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                    ROKU, INC.                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                       (in thousands, except per share data)                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                    (unaudited)                                                    
                                                                                                                   
                          Three Months                                      Nine Months                            
                                 Ended                                            Ended                            
                         September 30,          September 30,             September 30,          September 30,     
                                  2020                   2019                      2020                   2019     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net Revenue:                                                                                                     
  Platform          $          319,231       $        179,322       $           796,565       $        481,157     
  Player                       132,432                 81,606                   331,937                236,534     
  Total net                    451,663                260,928                 1,128,502                717,691     
  revenue                                                                                                          
  Cost of                                                                                                          
  Revenue:                                                                                                         
  Platform                     124,568                 67,075                   332,828                165,419     
  Player                       112,271                 75,376                   292,913                218,695     
  Total cost of                236,839                142,451                   625,741                384,114     
  revenue                                                                                                          
  Gross Profit:                                                                                                    
  Platform                     194,663                112,247                   463,737                315,738     
  Player                        20,161                  6,230                    39,024                 17,839     
  Total gross                  214,824                118,477                   502,761                333,577     
  profit                                                                                                           
  Operating                                                                                                        
  Expenses:                                                                                                        
  Research and                  88,388                 68,487                   261,053                186,219     
  development                                                                                                      
  Sales and                     70,956                 46,666                   203,368                117,041     
  marketing                                                                                                        
  General and                   43,510                 29,873                   123,744                 77,992     
  administrative                                                                                                   
  Total                                                                                                            
  operating                    202,854                145,026                   588,165                381,252     
  expenses                                                                                                         
  Income (Loss)                                                                                                    
  from                          11,970                (26,549  )                (85,404  )             (47,675  )  
  Operations                                                                                                       
  Other Income,                                                                                                    
  Net:                                                                                                             
  Interest                        (773  )                (767  )                 (2,670  )              (1,436  )  
  expense                                                                                                          
  Other income,                  1,202                  2,065                     3,020                  4,272     
  net                                                                                                              
  Total other                                                                                                      
  income                           429                  1,298                       350                  2,836     
  (expense), net                                                                                                   
  Income (Loss)                                                                                                    
  Before Income                 12,399                (25,251  )                (85,054  )             (44,839  )  
  Taxes                                                                                                            
  Income tax                                                                                                       
  (benefit)                       (548  )                 (96  )                   (241  )                (619  )  
  expense                                                                                                          
  Net Income        $           12,947       $        (25,155  )    $           (84,813  )    $        (44,220  )  
  (Loss)                                                                                                           
  Net income                                                                                                       
  (loss) per        $             0.10       $          (0.22  )    $             (0.69  )    $          (0.39  )  
  share —basic                                                                                                     
  Net income                                                                                                       
  (loss) per        $             0.09       $          (0.22  )    $             (0.69  )    $          (0.39  )  
  share —diluted                                                                                                   
  Weighted-aver…                                                                                                   
  shares used in                                                                                                   
  computing net                125,687                116,681                   122,837                114,064     
  income (loss)                                                                                                    
  per share                                                                                                        
  —basic                                                                                                           
  Weighted-aver…                                                                                                   
  shares used in                                                                                                   
  computing net                136,669                116,681                   122,837                114,064     
  income (loss)                                                                                                    
  per share                                                                                                        
  —diluted                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                      See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                         2                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                    ROKU, INC.                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                         CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                  (in thousands)                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                    (unaudited)                                                    
                                                                                                                   
                             Three Months                              Nine Months                                 
                                    Ended                              Ended                                       
                            September 30,       September 30,          September 30,             September 30,     
                                     2020       2019                   2020                               2019     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net Income         $             12,947    $  (25,155        )    $  (84,813           )    $        (44,220  )  
  (Loss)                                                                                                           
  Other                                                                                                            
  comprehensive                                                                                                    
  income (loss),                                                                                                   
  net                                                                                                              
  of tax:                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
  Unrealized gain                                                                                                  
  (loss) on                                                                                                        
  short-term                            —       (6             )       —                                    15     
  investments,                                                                                                     
  net of tax                                                                                                       
  Comprehensive                                                                                                    
  Net Income         $             12,947    $  (25,161        )    $  (84,813           )    $        (44,205  )  
  (Loss)                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
                      See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                         3                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                    ROKU, INC.                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                             CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                  (in thousands)                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                    (unaudited)                                                    
                                                                                                                   
         Three                                                                                                     
         and                                                                                                       
         Nine                                                                                                      
         Months                                                                                                    
         Ended                                                                                                     
         Septe…                                                                                                    
         30,                                                                                                       
         2020                                                                                                      
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                 Common                       Addi…                       Accu…                          Total     
                  Stock                       Paid…       Treas…          Other          Accum…          Stoc…     
                                                                          Comp…                                    
                                                                          Inco…                                    
                 Shares          Amount       Capi…       Stock               /          Defic…          Equi…     
                                                                          (Los…                                    
  Bala…                                                                                                            
  30,            124,5…       $      12    $  1,42…    $  (671    )    $     29       $  (412,…  )    $  1,01…     
  2020                                                                                                             
  Vest…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  early               —               —           6       —                   —               —              6     
  exer…                                                                                                            
  stock                                                                                                            
  opti…                                                                                                            
  Issu…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  comm…                                                                                                            
  stock                                                                                                            
  purs…           1,304               1       5,328       —                   —               —          5,329     
  to                                                                                                               
  equi…                                                                                                            
  ince…                                                                                                            
  plans                                                                                                            
  Issu…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  comm…                                                                                                            
  stock                                                                                                            
  in                                                                                                               
  conn…                                                                                                            
  with                                                                                                             
  at-t…             996               —       147,…       —                   —               —          147,…     
  offe…                                                                                                            
  net                                                                                                              
  of                                                                                                               
  issu…                                                                                                            
  costs                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  $2.0                                                                                                             
  mill…                                                                                                            
  Stoc…                                                                                                            
  comp…               —               —       34,9…       —                   —               —          34,9…     
  expe…                                                                                                            
  Net                 —               —           —       —                   —          12,947          12,9…     
  inco…                                                                                                            
  Bala…                                                                                                            
  30,            126,8…       $      13    $  1,61…    $  (671    )    $     29       $  (399,…  )    $  1,21…     
  2020                                                                                                             
  Bala…                                                                                                            
  31,            119,8…       $      12    $  1,01…    $  (671    )    $     29       $  (313,…  )    $  698,…     
  2019                                                                                                             
  Vest…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  early               —               —          32       —                   —               —             32     
  exer…                                                                                                            
  stock                                                                                                            
  opti…                                                                                                            
  Issu…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  comm…                                                                                                            
  stock                                                                                                            
  purs…           2,987               1       11,2…       —                   —               —          11,2…     
  to                                                                                                               
  equi…                                                                                                            
  ince…                                                                                                            
  plans                                                                                                            
  Issu…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  comm…                                                                                                            
  stock                                                                                                            
  in                                                                                                               
  conn…                                                                                                            
  with                                                                                                             
  at-t…           4,000               —       497,…       —                   —               —          497,…     
  offe…                                                                                                            
  net                                                                                                              
  of                                                                                                               
  issu…                                                                                                            
  costs                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  $6.8                                                                                                             
  mill…                                                                                                            
  Stoc…                                                                                                            
  comp…               —               —       95,3…       —                   —               —          95,3…     
  expe…                                                                                                            
  Adop…                                                                                                            
  of                  —               —           -       —                   —          (1,066  )       (1,0…  )  
  ASU                                                                                                              
  2016…                                                                                                            
  Net                 —               —           —       —                   —          (84,8…  )       (84,…  )  
  loss                                                                                                             
  Bala…                                                                                                            
  30,            126,8…       $      13    $  1,61…    $  (671    )    $     29       $  (399,…  )    $  1,21…     
  2020                                                                                                             
         Three                                                                                                     
         and                                                                                                       
         Nine                                                                                                      
         Months                                                                                                    
         Ended                                                                                                     
         Septe…                                                                                                    
         30,                                                                                                       
         2019                                                                                                      
                 Common                       Addi…                       Accu…                          Total     
                  Stock                       Paid…       Treas…          Other          Accum…          Stoc…     
                                                                          Comp…                                    
                                                                          Inco…                                    
                 Shares          Amount       Capi…       Stock               /          Defic…          Equi…     
                                                                          (Los…                                    
  Bala…                                                                                                            
  30,            116,1…              12       734,…       (671    )           4          (272,…  )       460,…     
  2019                                                                                                             
  Vest…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  early               —               —          20       —                   —               —             20     
  exer…                                                                                                            
  stock                                                                                                            
  opti…                                                                                                            
  Issu…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  comm…                                                                                                            
  stock                                                                                                            
  purs…           1,279               —       5,618       —                   —               —          5,618     
  to                                                                                                               
  equi…                                                                                                            
  ince…                                                                                                            
  plans                                                                                                            
  Stoc…                                                                                                            
  comp…               —               —       22,6…       —                   —               —          22,6…     
  expe…                                                                                                            
  Unre…                                                                                                            
  gain                                                                                                             
  on                  —               —           -       —                  (6  )            —             (6  )  
  shor…                                                                                                            
  inve…                                                                                                            
  Net                 —               —           —       —                   —          (25,1…  )       (25,…  )  
  loss                                                                                                             
  Bala…                                                                                                            
  30,            117,4…       $      12    $  762,…    $  (671    )    $     (2  )    $  (298,…  )    $  463,…     
  2019                                                                                                             
  Bala…                                                                                                            
  31,            109,7…       $      11    $  499,…    $  (671    )    $    (17  )    $  (253,…  )       244,…     
  2018                                                                                                             
  Vest…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  early               —               —          52       —                   —               —             52     
  exer…                                                                                                            
  stock                                                                                                            
  opti…                                                                                                            
  Share              (2  )            —           —       —                   —               —              —     
  repu…                                                                                                            
  Issu…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  comm…                                                                                                            
  stock                                                                                                            
  purs…           5,281               1       24,7…       —                   —               —          24,7…     
  to                                                                                                               
  equi…                                                                                                            
  ince…                                                                                                            
  plans                                                                                                            
  Issu…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  comm…                                                                                                            
  stock                                                                                                            
  in                                                                                                               
  conn…                                                                                                            
  with                                                                                                             
  at-t…           2,389               —       179,…       —                   —               —          179,…     
  offe…                                                                                                            
  net                                                                                                              
  of                                                                                                               
  issu…                                                                                                            
  costs                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  $3.6                                                                                                             
  mill…                                                                                                            
  Stoc…                                                                                                            
  comp…               —               —       59,1…       —                   —               —          59,1…     
  expe…                                                                                                            
  Unre…                                                                                                            
  gain                                                                                                             
  on                  —               —           —       —                  15               —             15     
  shor…                                                                                                            
  inve…                                                                                                            
  Net                 —               —           —       —                   —          (44,2…  )       (44,…  )  
  loss                                                                                                             
  Bala…                                                                                                            
  30,            117,4…       $      12    $  762,…    $  (671    )    $     (2  )    $  (298,…  )    $  463,…     
  2019                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                      See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                         4                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                    ROKU, INC.                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                                  (in thousands)                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                    (unaudited)                                                    
                                                                                                                  
                                                                     Nine Months Ended                            
                                                                         September 30,          September 30,     
                                                                                  2020                   2019     
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash flows from operating activities:                                                                           
  Net loss                                                        $            (84,813  )    $        (44,220  )  
  Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net                                                                        
  cash provided by (used in) operating                                                                            
  activities:                                                                                                     
  Depreciation and amortization                                                 26,567                  9,170     
  Stock-based compensation expense                                              95,348                 59,153     
  Amortization of operating lease                                               22,422                 13,603     
  right-of-use assets                                                                                             
  Amortization of content license assets                                        17,131                  1,344     
  Provision for doubtful accounts                                                3,097                    114     
  Other items, net                                                                 345                    191     
  Changes in operating assets and                                                                                 
  liabilities:                                                                                                    
  Accounts receivable                                                          (62,767  )             (13,080  )  
  Inventories                                                                  (12,895  )             (37,946  )  
  Prepaid expenses and other current                                            (3,595  )             (15,216  )  
  assets                                                                                                          
  Deferred cost of revenue                                                           —                  1,143     
  Other noncurrent assets                                                          842                    (44  )  
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                      71,275                 68,050     
  Operating lease liabilities                                                   18,116                    856     
  Other long-term liabilities                                                     (833  )              (2,639  )  
  Deferred revenue                                                              10,907                (16,192  )  
  Net cash provided by operating                                               101,147                 24,287     
  activities                                                                                                      
  Cash flows from investing activities:                                                                           
  Purchase of property and equipment                                           (76,012  )             (38,054  )  
  Purchases of short-term investments                                                —                (12,365  )  
  Sales/maturities of short-term                                                     —                 53,310     
  investments                                                                                                     
  Proceeds from escrows associated with                                          1,058                      —     
  acquisition                                                                                                     
  Net cash provided by (used in) investing                                     (74,954  )               2,891     
  activities                                                                                                      
  Cash flows from financing activities:                                                                           
  Proceeds from borrowing, net of issuance                                      69,325                      —     
  costs                                                                                                           
  Repayments made on borrowings                                                (73,075  )                   —     
  Proceeds from equity issued under                                                                               
  at-the-market program, net of issuance                                       497,242                179,360     
  costs                                                                                                           
  Proceeds from equity issued under                                             11,206                 24,765     
  incentive plans                                                                                                 
  Net cash provided by financing                                               504,698                204,125     
  activities                                                                                                      
  Net increase in cash, cash equivalents                                       530,891                231,303     
  and restricted cash                                                                                             
  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted                                        517,333                155,564     
  cash—Beginning of period                                                                                        
  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted                           $          1,048,224       $        386,867     
  cash—End of period                                                                                              
  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted                                                                           
  cash at end of period:                                                                                          
                                                                                                                  
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                  1,047,478                385,999     
  Restricted cash                                                                  746                    868     
  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted                           $          1,048,224       $        386,867     
  cash—End of period                                                                                              
  Supplemental disclosures of cash flow                                                                           
  information:                                                                                                    
  Cash paid for interest                                          $              2,798       $          2,215     
  Cash paid for income taxes                                      $                624       $            683     
  Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing                                                    
  activities:                                                                                                     
  Unpaid portion of property and equipment                        $              4,966       $          8,931     
  purchases                                                                                                       
  Unpaid portion of at-the-market offering                        $                 11       $              —     
  costs                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                  
                      See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                         5                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                    ROKU, INC.                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                          NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                           
                                                                                                                   
1. THE COMPANY
Organization and Description of Business
Roku, Inc. (the “Company” or “Roku”), was formed in October 2002 as Roku LLC under the laws of the State of
Delaware. On , Roku LLC was converted into Roku, Inc., a Delaware corporation. The Company’s TV streaming platform
allows users to easily discover and access a wide variety of movies and TV episodes, as well as live sports, music,
news and more.The Company operates in reportable segments and generates platform revenue from advertising, content
distribution, audience development and billing services and player revenue from the sale of streaming players and
audio products.
2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basis of Presentation
The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”) and applicable rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) regarding interim financial reporting. Certain information and note
disclosures normally included in the financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed
or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. These condensed consolidated financial statements should be read
in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2019, filed with the SEC on March 2, 2020 (the “Annual Report”).
The condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2019 has been derived from the audited consolidated
financial statements as of that date but does not include all of the information and footnotes included in the
Annual Report. The interim financial information is unaudited, but reflects all normal recurring adjustments that
are, in the opinion of management, necessary to fairly present the information set forth herein. The results of
operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020 are not necessarily indicative of the operating
results to be expected for the full year or any future periods.
The Company adopted accounting standards in fiscal year 2020 and they are discussed in the “Recently Adopted
Accounting Standards” paragraph. The Company adopted the accounting policy to account for credit losses for
accounts receivable as part of the adoption and is included below. There are no other material changes to the
significant accounting policies as compared to the significant accounting policies described in the Annual Report.
Credit losses for accounts receivable:The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts to reserve for
expected uncollectible accounts receivable. The Company assesses collectability by reviewing accounts receivable on
a collective basis where similar characteristics exist and on an individual basis when the Company identifies
specific customers with collectability issues. The Company regularly reviews the allowance by considering
historical collectability based on past due status, credit quality, and makes judgments about the creditworthiness
of customers based on ongoing credit evaluations. The Company also considers customer-specific information and
current economic conditions that may affect a customer’s ability to pay.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2020, the Company’s assessment of its accounts receivable considered the
business and market disruptions caused by the novel coronavirus (“COVID-19”) and emerging credit and collectability
trends. The continued volatility in market conditions and evolving shifts in credit trends can be difficult to
predict causing volatility that may have a material impact on our allowance for credit losses. See Note 6, for the
detailed activity in allowance for doubtful accounts for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020.
Reclassification of Prior Year Presentation
Certain amounts in the prior period financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the presentation of
the current period financial statements. These reclassifications had no effect on the previously reported condensed
consolidated statement of cash flows.
                                                         6                                                         
Use of Estimates
The preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires management
to make certain estimates, judgements, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net
revenue and expenses. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include: for revenue recognition,
determining the nature and timing of satisfaction of performance obligations, estimating variable consideration,
determining the stand-alone selling prices of performance obligations, gross versus net revenue recognition,
evaluation of customer versus vendor relationships, and other obligations such as sales return reserves and
customer incentive programs; the fair value or impairment of goodwill and intangible assets; useful lives of
tangible and intangible assets; allowances for doubtful accounts or credit losses; the valuation of inventory, the
valuation of deferred income taxassets; the recognition and disclosure of contingent liabilities and stock-based
compensation. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that the
Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results and outcomes may differ from management’s
estimates and assumptions due to risks and uncertainties, including uncertainty in the current economic environment
due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.
Principles of Consolidation
The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and include the
accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have been
eliminated in consolidation.
Comprehensive Income (Loss)
The comprehensive income (loss) is equal to the net income (loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2020.Comprehensive income (loss) includes unrealized gains (loss) on the Company’s short-term investments for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2019.
Concentrations
Financial instruments, which potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk, consist principally
of cash, cash equivalents and accounts receivable. As of September 30, 2020, two financial institutions managed %
and % of the Company’s cash and cash equivalents balance, respectively. As of December 31, 2019, two financial
institutions managed % and % of the Company’s cash and cash equivalents balance, respectively.
Customers accounting for 10% or more of the Company’s net revenue were as follows:
                                                                                                       
                Three Months Ended                           Nine Months Ended                         
                     September 30,       September 30,           September 30,       September 30,     
                              2020                2019                    2020                2019     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Customer B                     *                   *                       *                  10  %  
  Customer C                    11  %               13  %                   12  %               13  %  
  Customer H                    11  %                *                      10  %                *     
                                                                                                       
Customers accounting for 10% or more of the Company’s accounts receivable, net were as follows:
                                                  
                        As of                     
                September 30,       December 31,  
                         2020       2019          
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Customer H               13  %    *             
                                                  
* less than 10%
                                                         7                                                         
Restricted Cash
Restricted cash is comprised of cash collateral for outstanding letters of credit related to operating leases of
office facilities. As of September 30, 2020, the Company had restricted cash of $ million. As of December 31, 2019,
the Company had restricted cash of $ million.
Content Licensing
The Company licenses content for streaming on The Roku Channel. The licensing arrangements can be for a fixed fee
and/or advertising revenue share with content available for streaming for a specific period. The Company
capitalizes the content fees and records a corresponding liability when the license period begins, the cost of the
content is known, and the content is accepted and available for streaming. The Company amortizes licensed content
assets into “Cost of Revenue, Platform” over the contractual period of availability. The liability is paid in
accordance with the contractual terms of the arrangement.
As of September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019, licensed content assets that met these requirements were $ million
and $ million, respectively, and are recorded in “Prepaid expenses and other current assets.” The increase in the
content asset is due to a change in the mix of content licensed and the period over which such content is available
for streaming. The corresponding liability is included in “Accrued liabilities” and is discussed in Note 11.
The Company recorded amortization expense of $ million and $ million for the three months ended September 30, 2020
and 2019, respectively, and $ million and $ million for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019,
respectively, related to licensed content assets.
RecentlyAdopted Accounting Standards
In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standard Update (“ASU”) 2016-13,
Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The
guidance amended reporting of credit losses for assets held at amortized cost basis and available-for-sale debt
securities to require that credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities be presented as an allowance rather
than as a write-down.
On , the Company adopted this guidance using the modified retrospective adoption method and recorded a cumulative-
effect adjustment to the beginning balance of accumulated deficit of approximately $ 1.1million. The measurement of
credit losses for newly recognized financial assets and subsequent changes in the allowance for credit losses are
recorded in the statements ofoperations. This impact mainly relates to credit losses recognized on the Company’s
doubtful accounts. As the Company did not have any available-for-sale debt securities as of the adoption date,
there was no additional impact to accumulated deficit.
In March 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-02,Entertainment—Films—Other Assets—Film Costs (Subtopic 926-20) and
Entertainment—Broadcasters—Intangibles—Goodwill and Other (Subtopic 920-350): Improvements to Accounting for Costs
of Films and License Agreements for Program Materials, in order to align the accounting for production costs of an
episodic television series with the accounting for production costs of films by removing the content distinction
for capitalization. ASU 2019-02 also requires that an entity reassess estimates of the use of a film in a film
group and account for any changes prospectively. In addition, ASU 2019-02 requires that an entity test films and
license agreements for program material for impairment at a film group level when the film or license agreements
are predominantly monetized with other films and license agreements. On January 1, 2020, the Company adopted the
guidance inASU 2019-02. There was no material impact to the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
                                                         8                                                         
The Company also adopted the following ASUs effectiveJanuary 1, 2020, none of which had a material impact on the
Company’s financial position or results of operations.
                                                                                                                   
  ASU          Description                                                                                         
  ASU 2018-15  Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Internal-Use Software (Topic 350), Customer’s Accounting for         
               Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract           
  ASU 2018-13  Fair Value Measurements (Topic 820), Disclosure Framework—Changes to the Disclosure Requirements    
               for Fair Value Measurement                                                                          
  ASU 2017-04  Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment          
                                                                                                                   
In March 2020, FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference
Rate Reform on Financial Reporting, This guidance provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying U.S.
GAAP to contract modifications, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference London Interbank
Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) that is expected to be discontinued, subject to meeting certain criteria. The guidance is
effective as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. The Company made a policy election in the second quarter
of 2020 to elect a different reference rate for the Credit Agreement (as defined below) when LIBOR is discontinued.
It is still uncertain when the transition from LIBOR to another reference rate will occur or which reference rate
will become the accepted market alternative to LIBOR.

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted

In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income
Taxes, to simplify the accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles and
also simplification of areas such as franchise taxes, step-up in tax basis goodwill, separate entity financial
statements and interim recognition of enactment of tax laws or rate changes. The guidance is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim reporting periods within those fiscal years, with early
adoption permitted. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of this new guidance on the
consolidated financial statements.
3. REVENUE
Revenue disaggregation:
The Company’s disaggregated revenues are represented by the reportable segments discussed in Note 14. The
disaggregation is based on the evaluations that are regularly performed by the Chief Operating Decision Maker
(“CODM”) for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. The Company’s CODM is its Chief
Executive Officer.
Contract balances:
Contract balances include the following (in thousands):
                                                                               
                                                     As of                     
                                             September 30,       December 31,  
                                                      2020               2019  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Accounts receivable, net                $        391,277    $       332,673  
  Contract assets (included in Prepaid    $          6,809    $         3,588  
  expenses and other current assets)                                           
  Deferred revenue:                                                            
  Current                                           48,004             39,861  
  Non-current                                       18,134             15,370  
  Total deferred revenue                  $         66,138    $        55,231  
                                                                               
Accounts receivable are recorded at the amount invoiced, net of an allowance for doubtful accounts, sales returns,
and sales incentives. Payment terms can vary by customer and contract.
The timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. Contract assets are created
when invoicing occurs subsequent to revenue recognition. Contract assets are transferred to accounts receivable
when the right to invoice becomes unconditional. Contract liabilities are included in deferred revenue and reflect
consideration invoiced prior to the completion of performance obligations and revenue recognition.
                                                         9                                                         
Contract assets increased by approximately $ million during the nine months ended September 30, 2020 primarily due
to an increase in revenue recognition from growth in the platform business combined with the timing of billing
which falls into a subsequent period. Deferred revenue increased by approximately $ million during the nine months
ended September 30, 2020 due to the increase in content arrangements, change in the timing of fulfillment of
performance obligations, and overall growth in both the player and platform business.

During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020, the Company recognized revenue of approximately $
million and $ million, respectively, from the amounts deferred as of December 31, 2019. During the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2019, the Company recognized revenue of approximately $ million and $ million,
respectively, from the amounts deferred as of December 31, 2018.

Revenue Allocated to Future Performance Obligations:
Revenue allocated to remaining or unsatisfied performance obligations represents estimated revenue that has not yet
been recognized which includes unearned revenue and amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in
future periods. Estimated contracted revenue was $ 299.0millionas of September 30, 2020 of which we expect to
recognize approximately 65% over the next 12 months and the remainder thereafter.
4. business combination
On November 8, 2019, the Company acquired all outstanding shares of dataxu, Inc., (“dataxu”) according to the terms
and conditions of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 22, 2019(the “Merger Agreement”). dataxu is
a demand-side platform (“DSP”) that enables marketers to plan and buy video ad campaigns. The acquisition of
dataxu’s platform complements the Company’s over-the-top (“OTT”) advertising platform and enables marketers to
access a single, data-driven software solution to plan, buy, and optimize their ad spend across TV and OTT
providers.
The total purchase consideration for dataxu was $ 147.3million, which consisted of $ 77.6million in cash and $
69.7million for the fair value of the Company’s 571,459shares of Class A common stock. Pursuant to the Merger
Agreement, the Company had deposited $ 18.8million into an escrow account to secure certain indemnifications and
other potential obligations.$ million from the escrow account was released in the quarter ended March 31, 2020.
Purchase Price Allocation
The allocation of the purchase consideration to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed is
based on estimated fair values and is as follows (in thousands):
                                                                                          
                                            As of September       Estimated Useful Lives  
                                                   30, 2020                   (in years)  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Assets acquired                                                                         
  Current assets                         $           50,829                               
  Restricted cash                                     1,303                               
  Property and equipment, net                         4,503                               
  Intangible assets:                                                                      
  Developed technology                               56,400                          6.0  
  Customer relationships                             13,400                          4.0  
  Tradename                                             400                          0.5  
  Goodwill                                           71,676                               
  Operating lease right-of-use assets                24,658                               
  Other long-term assets                                235                               
  Total assets acquired                  $          223,404                               
  Liabilities assumed                                                                     
  Current liabilities                    $          (51,428  )                            
  Operating lease liabilities                       (24,658  )                            
  Total liabilities assumed              $          (76,086  )                            
  Total purchase consideration           $          147,318                               
                                                                                          
The fair value estimates of the net assets acquired are based upon preliminary calculations and valuations, and
those estimates and assumptions regarding certain tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, the valuation
of intangible assets
                                                        10                                                         
acquired, income taxes, and goodwill are subject to change as the Company obtains additional information during the
measurement period, which usually lasts for up to one year from the acquisition date. The excess of the total
consideration over the tangible assets, identifiable intangible assets, and assumed liabilities is recorded as
goodwill.
5. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of purchase consideration in a business combination over the fair value of tangible
and intangible assets acquired net of the liabilities assumed.
The following table reflects the carrying value of goodwill (in thousands):
                                                            
                                         Carrying Value     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance as of December 31, 2019     $          74,116     
  Adjustments (1)                                (1,058  )  
  Balance as of September 30, 2020    $          73,058     
                                                            
(1) Working capital adjustment pursuant to the dataxu acquisition.
Intangible Assets
The following table is the summary of Company’s intangible assets (in thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                               As of September 30,                                                                 
                                              2020                                                                 
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                             Gross       Accumulated                Net          Weighted-Average  
                                          Carrying       Amortization          Carrying              Useful Lives  
                                            Amount                               Amount                (in years)  
  Developed technology    $                 62,367    $  (10,793       )    $    51,574                       5.9  
  Customer                                  13,400       (3,071        )         10,329                       4.0  
  relationships                                                                                                    
  Tradename                                    400       (400          )              -                       0.5  
  Patents                                    4,076       (242          )          3,834                      14.0  
  Intangible assets       $                 80,243    $  (14,506       )    $    65,737                            
                                As of December 31,                                                                 
                                              2019                                                                 
                                             Gross       Accumulated                Net          Weighted-Average  
                                          Carrying       Amortization          Carrying              Useful Lives  
                                            Amount                               Amount                (in years)  
  Developed technology    $                 62,367    $  (2,860        )    $    59,507                       5.9  
  Customer                                  13,400       (558          )         12,842                       4.0  
  relationships                                                                                                    
  Tradename                                    400       (133          )            267                       0.5  
  Patents                                    4,076       (24           )          4,052                      14.0  
  Intangible assets       $                 80,243    $  (3,575        )    $    76,668                            
                                                                                                                   
The Company recorded expenses of $ million and $ million for amortization of intangible assets during the three
months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The Company recorded expenses of $ million and $ million
for amortization of intangible assets during the nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The
Company recorded amortization of (i) developed technology in cost of revenue, platform, cost of revenue, player,
research and development, and general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations, (ii)
customer relationships and tradename in sales and marketing expenses in the consolidated statement of operations,
and (iii) patents in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations.
                                                        11                                                         
The estimated future amortization expense for intangible assets for the next five years and thereafter is as
follows (in thousands):
                                          
  Year Ending December 31,                
  2020 (remaining 3 months)        3,555  
 ──────────────────────────────────────── 
  2021                            14,036  
  2022                            13,666  
  2023                            13,108  
  2024                            10,316  
  Thereafter                      11,056  
  Total                        $  65,737  
                                          
6. Balance sheet components
Accounts Receivable, Net of allowances— Accounts receivable, net of allowances, consisted of the following (in
thousands):
                                                                                 
                                                 As of                           
                                         September 30,          December 31,     
                                                  2020                  2019     
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Gross accounts receivable           $        408,420       $       360,194     
  Allowance for sales returns                   (4,323  )             (6,550  )  
  Allowance for sales incentives                (8,066  )            (19,476  )  
  Allowance for doubtful accounts               (4,524  )             (1,140  )  
  Other allowances                                (230  )               (355  )  
  Total allowances                             (17,143  )            (27,521  )  
  Total Accounts Receivable—net of    $        391,277       $       332,673     
  allowances                                                                     
                                                                                 
Allowance for Sales Returns— Allowance for sales returns consisted of the following activities (in thousands):
                                                                                                 
                                              Three Months Ended           Nine Months Ended     
                                              September 30, 2020          September 30, 2020     
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance, beginning of period             $              (5,412  )    $              (6,550  )  
  Charged to revenue                                      (2,313  )                   (8,998  )  
  Utilization of sales return allowance                    3,402                      11,225     
  Balance, end of period                   $              (4,323  )    $              (4,323  )  
                                                                                                 
Allowance for Sales Incentives— Allowance for sales incentives consisted of the following activities (in
thousands):
                                                                                                    
                                                 Three Months Ended           Nine Months Ended     
                                                 September 30, 2020          September 30, 2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance, beginning of period                $              (8,962  )    $             (19,476  )  
  Charged to revenue                                        (10,470  )                  (28,127  )  
  Utilization of sales incentive allowance                   11,366                      39,537     
  Balance, end of period                      $              (8,066  )    $              (8,066  )  
                                                                                                    
                                                        12                                                         
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts—
                                                                                                  
                                               Three Months Ended           Nine Months Ended     
                                               September 30, 2020          September 30, 2020     
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance, beginning of period              $              (4,403  )    $              (1,140  )  
  Impact of adoption of ASU 2016-13                             -                      (1,066  )  
  Adjusted balance, beginning of period                    (4,403  )                   (2,206  )  
  Provision for doubtful accounts                            (131  )                   (3,097  )  
  Adjustments for recovery and write-off                       10                         779     
  Balance, end of period                    $              (4,524  )    $              (4,524  )  
                                                                                                  
Property and Equipment, Net— Property and equipment, net consisted of the following (in thousands):
                                                                                    
                                                    As of          December 31,     
                                       September 30, 2020                  2019     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Computers and equipment           $              29,570       $        23,834     
  Leasehold improvements                          143,246                93,239     
  Website and software                              8,323                 6,510     
  Office equipment and furniture                   19,613                12,091     
  Total property and equipment                    200,752               135,674     
  Accumulated depreciation and                    (42,118  )            (32,412  )  
  amortization                                                                      
  Property and Equipment, net       $             158,634       $       103,262     
                                                                                    
Depreciation and amortization expense, for property and equipment assets, for the three months ended September 30,
2020 and 2019 was $ million and $million, respectively. Depreciation and amortization expense, for property and
equipment assets, for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019 was $ million and $million, respectively.

Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities— Accounts payable and accrued liabilities consisted of the following (in
thousands):
                                                                               
                                                     As of                     
                                             September 30,       December 31,  
                                                      2020               2019  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Accounts payable                        $        121,761    $       115,227  
  Payments due to content publishers               100,293             57,376  
  Accrued cost of revenue                           63,939             58,149  
  Operating lease liability, current                32,130             17,896  
  Accrued royalty expense                           10,713             18,040  
  Accrued payroll and related expenses              21,301             14,522  
  Accrued inventory                                 13,444              2,892  
  Content licensing liability                        4,034              1,679  
  Marketing, retail and merchandising               18,592              7,624  
  costs                                                                        
  Accrued legal fees                                 4,408              3,158  
  Customer prepayments                               6,807              2,669  
  Taxes and related liabilities                      3,530              3,052  
  Other accrued expenses                            11,846             11,290  
  Total Accounts Payable and Accrued      $        412,798    $       313,574  
  Liabilities                                                                  
                                                                               
                                                        13                                                         
Deferred Revenue— Deferred revenue consisted of the following (in thousands):
                                                                              
                                                    As of                     
                                            September 30,       December 31,  
                                                     2020               2019  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Platform, current                      $         23,701    $        18,234  
  Player, current                                  24,303             21,627  
  Total deferred revenue, current                  48,004             39,861  
  Platform, non-current                             9,112              6,135  
  Player, non-current                               9,022              9,235  
  Total deferred revenue, non-current              18,134             15,370  
  Total Deferred Revenue                 $         66,138    $        55,231  
                                                                              
7. FAIR VALUE
The Company’s financial assets measured at fair value are as follows (in thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                                         September 30, 2020                       December 31, 2019                
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                 Fair Value         Level 1              Fair Value       Level 1  
  Assets:                                                                                                          
  Cash and cash equivalents:                                                                                       
  Cash                                $             975,685    $    975,685    $            463,820    $  463,820  
  Money market funds                                 71,793          71,793                  51,659        51,659  
  Restricted cash                                       746             746                   1,854         1,854  
  Total assets measured and                                                                                        
  recorded at                         $           1,048,224    $  1,048,224    $            517,333    $  517,333  
  fair value                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the
principal market (or most advantageous market, in the absence of a principal market) for the asset or liability in
an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In measuring fair value, the Company
utilizes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used and maximizes the use of observable inputs and
minimizes the use of unobservable inputs. The three levels of inputs used to measure fair value are as follows:
Level 1—Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Financial assets and liabilities measured using Level 1 inputs include cash equivalents, accounts receivable,
prepaid expenses, accounts payable and accrued liabilities.
The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original or remaining maturity of 90 days or
less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. The Company measured money market funds of $ million and $
million as cash equivalents as of September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019, respectively, using Level 1 inputs.
Level 2—Observable inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1, including quoted prices for similar
assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets
that are not active; and inputs other than quoted prices that are observable or are derived principally from, or
corroborated by, observable market data by correlation or other means.
The Company did not have Level 2 instruments at September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019.
Level 3—Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity, are significant to the fair value
of the assets or liabilities and reflect the Company’s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants
would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances.
The Company did not have Level 3 instruments at September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019.
                                                        14                                                         
Assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis

Non-financial assets such as goodwill, intangible assets, property, plant, and equipment and operating lease right-
of-use assets are evaluated for impairment and adjusted to fair value using Level 3 inputs, only when impairment is
recognized. The impairments recorded by the Company for certain operating lease right-of-use assets during the nine
months ended September 30, 2020 and the year ended December 31, 2019, were not material.
8. LEASES
The Company’s operating leases are primarily for office real estate. The leases have remaining lease terms ranging
from to years and may include options to extend or terminate.
The components of lease expense are as follows (in thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                        Three Months                                      Nine Months                              
                               Ended                                            Ended                              
                       September 30,            September 30,           September 30,            September 30,     
                                2020                     2019                    2020                     2019     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Operating                                                                                                        
  lease cost       $          13,314       $            9,233       $          42,436       $           21,453     
  (1)                                                                                                              
  Sublease                      (284  )                  (664  )               (1,969  )                (1,790  )  
  income                                                                                                           
  Net operating    $          13,030       $            8,569       $          40,467       $           19,663     
  lease cost                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
       For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020, variable lease costs were $2.9 million and $8.4     
  (1)  million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2019, variable lease costs were    
       $1.3 million and $3.3 million, respectively. Variable lease costs primarily include common area             
       maintenance charges.                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
Supplemental cash flow information related to leases is as follows (in thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                              Three Months                                    Nine Months                          
                                     Ended                                          Ended                          
                             September 30,           September 30,          September 30,           September 30,  
                                      2020                    2019                   2020                    2019  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash paid for                                                                                                    
  amounts included                                                                                                 
  in the                                                                                                           
  measurement of                                                                                                   
  lease                                                                                                            
  liabilities:                                                                                                     
  Operating cash                                                                                                   
  outflows from       $              6,320    $              4,892    $            21,504    $             12,332  
  operating                                                                                                        
  leases                                                                                                           
  Right-of-use                                                                                                     
  assets obtained                                                                                                  
  in exchange                                                                                                      
  for lease                                                                                                        
  obligations:                                                                                                     
  Operating leases    $              3,690    $             32,014    $             6,461    $            115,794  
                                                                                                                   
Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows (in thousands, except lease term and
discount rate):
                                                                                                   
                                                              As of                                
                                                 September 30, 2020          December 31, 2019     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Operating lease right-of-use assets         $             267,094       $            283,291     
  Included in accounts payable and accrued                                                         
  liabilities:                                                                                     
  Operating lease liability, current                         32,130                     17,896     
  Operating lease liability, non-current                    311,072                    301,694     
  Total operating lease liability             $             343,202       $            319,590     
  Weighted average remaining lease term                                                            
  Operating leases (in years)                                  9.35                       9.98     
  Weighted average discount rate                                                                   
  Operating leases                                             4.64  %                    4.65  %  
                                                                                                   
                                                        15                                                         
Future lease payments under operating leases as of September 30, 2020 were as follows (in thousands):
                                                        
                                          Operating     
  Year ending December 31,                   Leases     
  2020 (remaining 3 months)                   9,545     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  2021                                       48,695     
  2022                                       45,839     
  2023                                       46,520     
  2024                                       45,727     
  Thereafter                                247,011     
  Total future lease payments               443,337     
  Less: imputed interest                    (84,680  )  
  Less: expected tenant improvement         (15,455  )  
  allowance                                             
  Total                                $    343,202     
                                                        
As of September 30, 2020, the Company has additional operating leases, primarily corporate offices, that have not
yet commenced of $ million. These operating leasescommence in future periods beginning in the last quarter of
fiscal year 2020 and have lease terms of to .
9. DEBT
The Company’s outstanding debt as of September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019 is as follows (in thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                                      As of                                                                        
                              September 30,                                                                        
                                       2020                              December 31, 2019                         
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                     Amount           Effective                     Amount           Effective     
                                                  Interest Rate                                  Interest Rate     
  Term Loan A Facility     $         96,250                2.03  %    $            100,000                3.48  %  
  Less: Debt issuance                  (291  )                                        (392  )                      
  costs                                                                                                            
  Net carrying amount      $         95,959                           $             99,608                         
                                                                                                                   
The carrying amount of debt approximates fair value due to its variable interest rates.
The interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020 relating to the Credit Agreement is $
0.6million and $ 2.0million, respectively. The Company did not have any outstanding debt as of September 30, 2019.
Interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2019 mainly related to amortization of debt
issuance costs and was not material.
Senior Secured Term Loan A and Revolving Credit Facilities
On February 19, 2019 (the “Original Closing Date”), the Company entered into a Credit Agreement (the “Existing
Credit Agreement”) with Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. On May 3, 2019, (the “Closing Date”), the Existing
Credit Agreement was amended pursuant to an Incremental Assumption and Amendment No. 1 (the “Amendment” and the
Existing Credit Agreement as amended by the Amendment, the “Credit Agreement”). On the Original Closing Date, the
Company terminated the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement that it entered into with Silicon Valley
Bank in November 2014 (the “Restated 2014 LSA”).
The Credit Agreement provides for (i) a four-year revolving credit facility in the aggregate principal amount of up
to $ million (the “Revolving Credit Facility”), (ii) a four-year delayed draw term loan A facility in the aggregate
principal amount of up to $ million (the “Term Loan A Facility”) and (iii) an uncommitted incremental facility,
subject to the satisfaction of certain financial and other conditions, in the amount of up to (v) $ million, plus
(w) , plus (x) an additional amount at the Company’s discretion, so long as, on a pro forma basis at the time of
incurrence, the Company’s secured leverage ratio does not exceed to 1.00, plus (y) voluntary prepayments of the
Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan A Facility to the
                                                        16                                                         
extent accompanied by concurrent reductions to the applicable Credit Facility(together with the Revolving Credit
Facility and the Term Loan A Facility, collectively, the “Credit Facility”).

On November 18, 2019, the Company borrowed the Term Loan A facility in the aggregate principal amount of $ million.
In March 2020, the Company borrowed the available balance of $ million from the Revolving Credit Facility. For both
borrowings, the Company elected an interest rate equal to the adjusted one-month LIBOR rate plus an applicable
margin of % based on the Company’s secured leverage ratio. In May 2020, the Company repaid the outstanding balance
on the Revolving Credit Facility.

The Revolving Credit Facility may be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed until the fourth anniversary of the Closing
Date in , at which time all outstanding balances of the Revolving Credit Facility are due to be repaid.

The Company had outstanding letters of credit against the Revolving Credit Facility of $ million and $ million as
of September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019, respectively.

The Company’s obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by substantially all of its assets. In the future,
certain of its direct and indirect subsidiaries may be required to guarantee the Credit Agreement. The Company may
prepay, and in certain circumstances would be required to prepay, loans under the Credit Agreement without payment
of a premium. The Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, customary affirmative and
negative covenants, a financial covenant that is tested quarterly and requires the Company to maintain a certain
adjusted quick ratio of at least to 1.00, and customary events of default.

As of September 30, 2020, the Company was in compliance with all of the covenants of the Credit Agreement.
10. STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
At-the-Market Offerings
On May 13, 2020, the Company entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement with Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and
Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as its sales agents, pursuant to which the Company could offer and sell from time to
time up to an aggregate of million shares of the Company’s Class A common stock. As of September 30, 2020, the
Company sold all million shares and received gross proceeds of $ millionat an average selling price of $ per share
and incurred issuance costs of $ million.
Preferred Stock
The Company is authorized to issue million shares of undesignated preferred stock with rights and preferences
determined by the Company’s Board of Directors at the time of issuance.
As of September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019, there were shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding.
Common Stock
The Company has classes of authorized common stock, Class A common stock and Class B common stock. All shares of
common stock outstanding immediately prior to the initial public offering (“IPO”), including shares of common stock
issued upon the conversion of the convertible preferred stock, were converted into an equivalent number of shares
of Class B common stock. All common stock, stock options, and restricted stock units issued at the time of, and
subsequent to, the IPO are exercised or vested into shares of Class A common stock.
                                                        17                                                         
Common Stock Reserved for Future Issuance
As of September 30, 2020, the Company had reserved shares of common stock for issuance as follows (in thousands):
                                                                            
                                                                     As of  
                                                        September 30, 2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Common stock awards granted under equity incentive                14,229  
  plans                                                                     
  Common stock awards available for issuance under                   5,089  
  the 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan*                                    
  Common stock awards available for issuance under                  21,437  
  the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan                                            
  Total reserved shares of common stock                             40,755  
                                                                            
*
Equity Incentive Plans

The Company has equity incentive plans, the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2008 Plan”) and the 2017 Equity
Incentive Plan (the “2017 Plan”). The 2017 Plan became effective in September 2017 in connection with the IPO. No
further shares have been issued under the 2008 Plan. The 2017 Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock
options to the Company’s employees and for the grant of non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights,
restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, performance stock awards, performance cash awards, and other
forms of equity compensation to the Company’s employees, directors and consultants.

Restricted stock units granted under the plan are subject to continuous service. Options granted under the plans
are granted at a price per share equivalent to the fair market value on the date of grant.

Restricted Stock Units
Restricted stock unit activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 is as follows (in thousands, except per
share data):
                                                                                   
                                                                 Weighted Average  
                                              Number of           Grant Date Fair  
                                                 Shares           Value Per Share  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance, December 31, 2019 - outstanding        4,544       $             67.30  
  Awarded                                         1,286                    137.52  
  Released                                         (898  )                  65.89  
  Forfeited                                        (283  )                  71.73  
  Balance, September 30, 2020 -                   4,649       $             86.73  
  outstanding                                                                      
                                                                                   
The grant-date fair value of restricted stock units granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2020 and
2019 was $ million and $ million, respectively.

The fair value of restricted stock units that vested during the three months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019 was
$ million and $ million, respectively, and during the nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019 was $ million
and $ million, respectively. Total unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock units as of September
30, 2020 was $ million, which the Company expects to recognize over years.
                                                        18                                                         
Stock Options
The following table summarizes the Company’s stock option activities under the 2008 Plan and 2017 Plan (in
thousands, except per share data):
                                                                                                                   
                                                                        Weighted         Weighted                  
                                                        Weighted         Average          Average                  
                                                         Average       Remaining       Grant Date       Aggregate  
                                     Number of          Exercise     Contractual       Fair Value       Intrinsic  
                                        Shares             Price    Life (Years)        Per Share           Value  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance, December 31, 2019 -          11,124       $     14.84             6.2                —                  
  outstanding                                                                                                      
  Granted                                  596            144.60               —    $       54.22                  
  Exercised                             (2,089  )           5.37               —                —                  
  Forfeited and expired                    (51  )           8.36               —                —                  
  Balance, September 30, 2020 -          9,580       $     25.01             5.9                —    $  1,569,042  
  outstanding                                                                                                      
                                                                                                —                  
  Options exercisable at                                                                                           
  September 30,                          6,405       $      7.39             5.0                —    $  1,162,018  
  2020                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
The intrinsic value for options exercised during the three months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, was $ million
and $ million, respectively, and during the nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019 was $ 269.6million and $
383.0million, respectively. Intrinsic value represents the difference between the fair values of the Company’s
common stock and the options’ exercise price on the date of grant.

As of September 30, 2020, the Company had $ million of unrecognized stock compensation expense related to unvested
stock options that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years.

Stock-Based Compensation

The Company measures the cost of awards granted under equity incentive plans based on the grant date fair value.
The Company uses the straight-line method for expense recognition and recognizes forfeitures as they occur.
The following table shows total stock-based compensation expense for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2020 and 2019 (in thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                               Three Months Ended                           Nine Months Ended                      
                                    September 30,       September 30,           September 30,       September 30,  
                                             2020                2019                    2020                2019  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of platform          $                 206    $            120    $                649    $            238  
  revenue                                                                                                          
  Cost of player revenue                      362                 287                   1,010                 776  
  Research and                             14,873              10,230                  41,476              28,020  
  development                                                                                                      
  Sales and marketing                      11,572               6,415                  31,244              16,555  
  General and                               7,894               5,566                  20,969              13,564  
  administrative                                                                                                   
  Total stock-based         $              34,907    $         22,618    $             95,348    $         59,153  
  compensation                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
The fair value of options granted under the equity incentive plans is estimated on the grant date using the Black-
Scholes option-valuation model. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes model are as follows:
                                                                                                         
                              Three Months Ended                     Nine Months Ended                   
                              September 30,         September 30,    September 30,        September 30,  
                              2020                  2019             2020                 2019           
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Dividend rate               —                     —                —                    —              
  Expected term (in years)    5.0 - 6.73            5.0 - 6.73       5.0 - 6.73           5.0 - 6.73     
  Risk-free interest rate     0.22 - 0.46%          1.35 - 1.79%     0.22 - 1.67%         1.35 - 2.56%   
  Expected volatility         36.9 - 38.2%          35 - 36%         35.8 - 38.6%         35 - 36%       
                                                                                                         
                                                        19                                                         
11. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Manufacturing Purchase Commitments
The Company has various manufacturing contracts with vendors in the conduct of the normal course of its business.
In order to manage future demand for our products, the Company enters into agreements with manufacturers and
suppliers to procure inventory based upon certain criteria and timing. Some of these commitments are non-
cancelable. As of September 30, 2020, the Company had $ million purchase commitments for inventory.
The Company records a liability for non-cancelable purchase commitments in excess of projected demand
forecasts.Obligations in excess of demand were not material as of September 30, 2020.The Company recorded $
0.3million forthese purchase commitments in “Accrued liabilities” at December 31, 2019.
Content License Purchase Commitments
At September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019, the Company recorded $ million and $ million, respectively, as
obligations in “Accrued liabilities” for licensed content that is available for streaming. The increase in content
liability is due to change in the mix of content licensed and the period over which this content is available for
streaming.
The Company also enters into contracts with content publishers to acquire content in the future. Some of these
commitments are non-cancelable.As of September 30, 2020, the Company had $ million in commitments with content
publishers that includes amounts already recognized as liability for content available for streaming.
Letters of Credit
As of September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019, the Company had irrevocable letters of credit outstanding in the
amount of $ million and $ million, respectively, related to facilities leases. The letters of credit have various
expiration dates through .
Contingencies
The Company accrues for loss contingencies, including liabilities for intellectual property licensing, when it
believes such losses are probable and reasonably estimable. The probable losses recorded in the results of
operations are not material in all the periods presented.
The Company is currently involved in, and may in the future be involved in, legal proceedings, claims, and
investigations in the ordinary course of business, including claims for infringing patents, copyrights or other
intellectual property rights related to its platform and products, or the content distributed through its platform
by the Company or third-party channel developers. Although the results of these proceedings, claims, and
investigations cannot be predicted with certainty, the Company does not believe that the final outcome of any
matters that it is currently involved in are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on its business,
financial condition, or results of operations.
Indemnification
In the ordinary course of business, we enter into agreements in which we may agree to indemnify business partners,
customers, suppliers, vendors, lessors, business partners and other parties with respect to certain matters,
including losses resulting from claims of intellectual property infringement, damages to property or persons,
business losses, or other liabilities. These indemnity provisions generally survive termination or expiration of
the agreements in which they appear. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our
directors, executive officers and other officers that will require us to indemnify them against liabilities that
may arise by reason of their status or service as directors, officers or employees. To date, the Company has not
incurred any material costs as a result of such obligations.
12. INCOME TAXES
Income tax benefit for the three months ended September 30, 2020 was $ million as compared to income tax benefit of
$ million for the three months ended September 30, 2019. Income tax benefit for the nine months ended September 30,
2020 was $ million as compared to income tax benefit of $ million for the nine months ended September 30, 2019. The
income tax benefit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, were primarily attributable to
non-
                                                        20                                                         
U.S. tax benefit associated with the Company's non-U.S. operations. The primary difference between the effective
tax rate and the statutory tax rate relates to the valuation allowance on the Company’s U.S. losses.

A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax assets will
not be realized through future operations. As a result of the Company’s analysis of all available objective
evidence, both positive and negative, as of September 30, 2020, management believes it is more likely than not that
the deferred tax assets will not be fully realizable. Accordingly, the Company has provided a full valuation
allowance against its deferred tax assets with the exception of deferred tax assets related to foreign entities in
the UK, Brazil, China, India, Netherlands, and Denmark.

On June 29, 2020, California enacted legislative changes that impose an annual cap of $ million on the amount of
business incentive tax credits the Company can utilize in California effective for tax years 2020 through 2022. The
legislation has no impact to the Company’s tax provision due to our full valuation allowance.
13. NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE
The Company’s basic net income (loss) per share is calculated by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted-
average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period. For the three months ended September 30, 2020,
the Company’s diluted net income per share is calculated by dividing the net income by the sum of weighted average
number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period and the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents.
Dilutive shares of common stock are determined by applying the treasury stock method. For the three months ended
September 30, 2019 and the nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, common stock equivalents are excluded
from the calculation of diluted net loss per share as their effect is antidilutive. For purposes of the calculation
of diluted net income (loss) per share, options to purchase common stock, restricted stock units and unvested
shares of common stock issued upon the early exercise of stock options are considered common stock equivalents.
The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per share (in thousands, except
per share data):
                                                                                                                   
                             Three Months                                   Nine Months                            
                                    Ended                                         Ended                            
                            September 30,       September 30,             September 30,          September 30,     
                                     2020                2019                      2020                   2019     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Numerator:                                                                                                       
  Net income         $             12,947    $        (25,155  )    $           (84,813  )    $        (44,220  )  
  (loss)                                                                                                           
  Denominator:                                                                                                     
  Weighted-avera…                                                                                                  
  shares used in                                                                                                   
  computing                       125,687             116,681                   122,837                114,064     
  net income                                                                                                       
  (loss) per                                                                                                       
  share, basic                                                                                                     
  Net income                                                                                                       
  (loss) per         $               0.10    $          (0.22  )    $             (0.69  )    $          (0.39  )  
  share, basic                                                                                                     
  Weighted-avera…                                                                                                  
  shares used in                                                                                                   
  computing                       125,687             116,681                   122,837                114,064     
  net income                                                                                                       
  (loss) per                                                                                                       
  share, basic                                                                                                     
  Common stock                     10,982                   —                         —                      —     
  equivalents                                                                                                      
  Weighted-avera…                                                                                                  
  shares used in                                                                                                   
  computing                       136,669             116,681                   122,837                114,064     
  net income                                                                                                       
  (loss) per                                                                                                       
  share, diluted                                                                                                   
  Net income                                                                                                       
  (loss) per         $               0.09    $          (0.22  )    $             (0.69  )    $          (0.39  )  
  share, diluted                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
Common shares that would be excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share because of their anti-
dilutive effect are as follows (in thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                                        Three Months Ended                     Nine Months Ended                   
                                             September 30,    September 30,        September 30,    September 30,  
                                                      2020             2019                 2020             2019  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Restricted stock units and stock                     688           16,189               14,229           16,189  
  options                                                                                                          
  Unvested shares of common stock                                                                                  
  issued upon early                                      —               45                    2               45  
  exercise of stock options and                                                                                    
  business acquisition                                                                                             
  Total                                                688           16,234               14,231           16,234  
                                                                                                                   
                                                        21                                                         
14. SEGMENT INFORMATION
The Company is organized into reportable segments as follows:
Platform
Platform revenue includes sale of advertising and related services, subscription and transaction revenue shares,
sales of branded channel buttons on remote controls and licensing arrangements with TV brands and service
operators.
Player
Player revenue is generated from the sale of streaming media players, audio products and accessories through
retailers and distributors, as well as directly to customers through the Company’s website.
Customers accounting for 10% or more of segment revenue were as follows:
                                                                                                                   
                            Three Months Ended                           Nine Months Ended                         
                                 September 30,       September 30,           September 30,       September 30,     
                                          2020                2019                    2020                2019     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Platform segment                                                                                                 
  revenue                                                                                                          
  Customer H                                16  %                *                      15  %                *     
  Player segment revenue                                                                                           
  Customer A                                11  %               17  %                   11  %               16  %  
  Customer B                                16  %               19  %                   16  %               19  %  
  Customer C                                39  %               35  %                   41  %               37  %  
                                                                                                                   
                                       
  *  Less than 10% of segment revenue  
                                       
Substantially all of the Company’s assets were held in the United States (“U.S.”) and were attributable to the
operations in the U.S. as of September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019. Revenue in international marketswas less
than % for all periods presented.
                                                        22                                                         
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.                 │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in
conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with our audited consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed on March 2, 2020, with the SEC (the “Annual Report”).
                                                                                                                   
   Overview                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
Roku is the leading TV streaming platform in the United States based on hours streamed. We pioneered streaming to
the TV and were founded on the belief that someday all TV content would be streamed. Our business model is driven
by three core activities. We focus on (i) increasing the number of active accounts on our streaming platform, (ii)
increasing user engagement and growing the hours of content streamed, and (iii) growing our revenue and gross
profit by monetizing user activity on our platform. To increase the number of active accounts on our platform, we
sell stand-alone streaming players, and we partner with TV brand partners who license the Roku OS to manufacture
and sell Roku TV models, and we also license the Roku OS to certain service operators.

We operate in two revenue segments: the platform segment and the player segment. We generate platform revenue from
the sale of advertising and related services, content distribution services, subscription and transaction revenue
shares, Premium Subscriptions, billing services, sale of branded channel buttons on remote controls and licensing
arrangements with TV brands and service operators. We generate player revenue from the sale of our streaming
players, audio products and accessories.

Highlights for the three months ended September 30, 2020 compared to the three months ended September 30,
2019included:
                                                     
  •  Active accounts increased 43% to 46.0 million;  
                                                     
                                                      
  •  Streaming hours increased 54% to 14.8 billion*;  
                                                      
                                               
  •  Revenue increased 73% to $451.7 million;  
                                               
                                                        
  •  Gross profit increased 81% to $214.8 million; and  
                                                        
                                                                 
  •  Average revenue per user (“ARPU”) increased 20% to $27.00.  
                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
  COVID-19 Update                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
The widespread global impact from the outbreak and spread of the novel strain of coronavirus referred to as
COVID-19, which was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization in March 2020, continued in the third
quarter of 2020. Precautionary measures to slow down the spread of the virus that were put in place by governmental
authorities had eased in many locations but have recently been re-instated in many geographies. Roku continues to
have the majority of its workforce work from home to protect the health and safety of our employees and travel has
been severely curtailed.The COVID-19 pandemic, and the resulting precautionary measures, have caused, and are
expected to continue to cause, economic uncertainty both in the U.S. and globally as well as significant volatility
in, and disruption to, financial markets.

During the third quarter, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic continued to accelerate the shift of TV viewing away from
traditional linear and pay TV to streaming TV resulting in a faster growth of our active accounts and an increase
in streaming hours. Although the growth in streaming hours per account has moderated since its peak early in the
second quarter of 2020, streaming hours per account continues to be higher than pre-COVID-19 levels, and we
continued to see platform revenue growth driven by advertising spend and the expansion of content distribution
partnerships. We believe advertising budgets will continue to shift from traditional linear TV to streaming TV and
that we will benefit from this shift due to our advanced advertising capabilities. Major content producers continue
to re-organize around streaming and as a result, our content distribution business has benefited as our rapid rate
of active accounts growth was accompanied by strong consumer demand for ad-supported viewing, subscription services
and premium movie rentals. While we have experienced an increase in TV streaming during the COVID-19 pandemic and
aspects of our platform segment have generally benefitted, there can be no assurance that these patterns will
continue in the fourth quarter of 2020, or beyond.
                                                      
  * Reported streaming hours data reflects            
  adjustments to our streaming hours calculations     
  for current and certain prior periods. Details can  
  be found in “Item 2. Management’s Discussion and    
  Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of      
  Operations” in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q   
  under “Note About Our Streaming Hours               
  Adjustments”.                                       
                                                      
                                                        23                                                         
Despite the adverse impact COVID-19 pandemic has had on global supply chains, we have largely been able to maintain
inventory of our players, audio products and accessories in stock at retailers and online stores. During the third
quarter, player unit sales grew 57% year-over-year, resulting in our strongest year-over-year player segment growth
in over seven years.We intend to continue to work closely with our retail partners and Roku TV partners given the
possibility that the COVID-19 pandemic, and any resulting economic volatility, could impact traditionally
strongretailseasonal sales periods for players including Black Friday, Cyber Monday, and the holiday shopping
season. While our player and Roku TV model sales have remained strong during the COVID-19 pandemic, there can be no
assurance that these patterns will continue for the remainder of 2020, or beyond.

Although the COVID-19 pandemic’s impact on our future operations and financial performance remains uncertain, we
are continuing to monitor our operating expenses and capital expenditures and are committed to investing in
strategic areas to grow our business and extend our competitive advantages. During the second and third quarter, to
strengthen our cash position and liquidity, we raised $497.2 million, net of offering costs,from the issuance of
shares of our Class A common stock through an at-the-market offering.
                                                                                                                   
  Key Performance Metrics                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
The key performance metrics we use to evaluate our business, measure our performance, develop financial forecasts
and make strategic decisions are gross profit, active accounts, streaming hours, and ARPU.
                                                                                                                   
  Gross Profit                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
We use gross profit as the primary metric to measure the performance of our business because we have two revenue
segments that have different margin profiles, and we aim to maximize our higher margin platform revenue from our
active accounts as they stream content on our platform. The majority of our gross profit is generated from our
platform segment.

Our gross profit was $214.8 million and $502.8 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020,
respectively, and $118.5 million and $333.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2019,
respectively.
                                                                                                                   
  Active Accounts                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
We believe that the number of active accounts is a relevant measure to gauge the size of our user base. We define
active accounts as the number of distinct user accounts that have streamed content on our platform within the last
30 days of the period. Users who streamed content from The Roku Channel only on non-Roku platforms are not included
in this metric. The number of active accounts also does not correspond to the number of unique individuals who
actively utilize our platform or the number of devices associated with an account. For example, a single account
may be used by more than one individual, such as a family, and one account may be used on multiple streaming
devices.

We had 46.0 million and 32.3 million active accounts as of September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
                                                                                                                   
  Hours Streamed                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
We believe the number of streaming hours on our platform is an effective measure of user engagement and that the
growth in the number of hours of content streamed across our platform reflects our success in addressing the
growing user demand for TV streaming. We define streaming hours as the aggregate amount of time streaming devices
stream content on our platform in a given period. Hours streamed on non-Roku platforms are not included in this
metric. Our streaming hours are internally calculated utilizing data received from our streaming devices that is
logged in a central database. See “Note About Our Streaming Hours Adjustments” below for additional information.
Other companies and third-party industry sources utilize their own data sources and may utilize different
measurement methodologies to calculate streaming hours. As a result, our streaming hours may not be directly
comparable to another company’s or any third-party’s calculation of streaming hours. We report streaming hours on a
calendar basis.

Additionally, we believe that over time, increasing user engagement on our streaming platform increases our
platform monetization because we earn platform revenue from advertising as well as from revenue shares from
subscriptions and transactional video on-demand. However, our revenue from content publishers is not tied to the
hours streamed on their streaming channels, and the number of streaming hours does not correlate to revenue earned
from such content publishers or ARPU on a period-by-period basis. Moreover, streaming hours on our platform are
measured whenever a player or a Roku TV is streaming content, whether a viewer is actively watching or not. For
example, if a player is connected to a TV, and the
                                                        24                                                         
viewer turns off the TV, steps away or falls asleep and does not stop or pause the player, then the particular
streaming channel may auto-play subsequent content for a period of time determined by the streaming channel. We
believe that this also occurs across a wide variety of non-Roku streaming devices and other set-top boxes.

During the third quarter of 2019, we began the roll out of a new Roku OS feature to our entire installed base that
is designed to identify when content has been continuously streaming on a channel for an extended period of time
without user interaction. This feature, which we refer to as “Are you still watching,” periodically prompts the
user to confirm that they are still watching the selected channel and closes the channel if the user does not
respond affirmatively. We believe that implementing this new feature across the Roku platform will benefit us as
well as our customers, channel partners and advertisers. Some of our leading channel partners, including Netflix,
have already implemented similar features within their channels. “Are you still watching” supplements these channel
features. We completed the rollout of the feature to our entire installed base in the first quarter of 2020. We do
not expect the rollout of this feature to have a material impact on our future financial performance.

We streamed 14.8 billion and 9.6 billion hours during the three months ended September 30, 2020 and 2019,
respectively.
                                                                                                                   
  Note About Our Streaming Hours Adjustments                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
To calculate and report our streaming hours, we utilize data from event logs generated by the firmware running on
the Roku devices that are recorded in a central database. The event information (play, pause, stop, time counts,
etc.) is generated by the firmware running on the Roku streaming devices, and event data is transmitted to our
central database at regular intervals when a device is connected to the internet. Pause time is not intended to be
included in streaming hours.

During the second quarter of 2020 we discovered that some pause time was inadvertently included in the streaming
hours information recorded in our central database. Upon discovering these errors in the log data, we promptly
reviewed and analyzed the issue utilizing our firmware, data engineering and core analytics teams. We concluded
that certain past Roku OS releases inadvertently caused the logging errors. The error rates varied over time and
across different types of devices and firmware versions. As a result, we reported higher streaming hours and
streaming hours growth rates for the affected periods than we would have if all pause time had been excluded from
streaming hours aswe had intended. Neither these logging errors, nor the resulting adjustments that we made to our
streaming hours calculations, has had any impact on our financial results, and do not require us to revise any of
our previously reported key operating metrics other than streaming hours.

The affected log data was for the periods from February 2016 to August 2020. After adjusting for logging errors, we
estimate that our streaming hours were, on average, approximately 0.5% lower than previously reported for the
period January 2017 through September 2018, and approximately 5.8% lower for the period October 2018 through March
2020.

By the end of August 2020, we fully deployed a software update that addressed the root cause of the pause time
logging errors and prevented them from continuing.

The roll out of the “Are you still watching” feature had no impact on the adjustments we made to our streaming
hours calculations. While our revenue from content publishers is not based on the hours streamed on their streaming
channels, and the number of streaming hours does not directly correlate to revenue earned from such content
publishers or ARPU on a period-by-period basis; we believe that the growth in the number of hours of content
streamed across our platform reflects our success in addressing the growing user demand for TV streaming. After
adjusting our streaming hours as discussed above, our estimated year-over-year streaming hour growth rates for
fiscal year 2018 versus fiscal year 2017, fiscal year 2019 versus fiscal year 2018 and the first quarter of 2020
versus the first quarter of 2019 were 60.5%, 59.3% and 46.8%, respectively. The estimated year-over-year streaming
hour growth rate for the second quarter of 2020 versus the second quarter of 2019 was 65%.
The following table presents the estimated impacts on streaming hours (in billions) for periods from January 1,
2017 through March 31, 2020 and streaming hours growth rates on a year-over-year (“YoY”) basis by quarter for
periods from January 1, 2018 through March 31, 2020 and annually for fiscal year 2018 and 2019. Revised streaming
hours for 2016 are not estimated and therefore revised 2017 YoY growth rates are not available.
                                                        25                                                         
                                                                                
  Quarter  Published SHs  Revised SHs  SHs % Delta  Published YoY  Revised YoY  
  2017 Q1  3.3B           3.2B         -0.5%        63.4%          NA           
  2017 Q2  3.5B           3.5B         -0.4%        60.0%          NA           
  2017 Q3  3.8B           3.8B         -0.4%        57.8%          NA           
  2017 Q4  4.3B           4.3B         -0.2%        55.3%          NA           
  2018 Q1  5.1B           5.1B         -0.5%        56.0%          56.1%        
  2018 Q2  5.5B           5.4B         -0.5%        57.2%          57.0%        
  2018 Q3  6.2B           6.1B         -0.7%        62.7%          62.1%        
  2018 Q4  7.3B           7.1B         -2.2%        68.6%          65.2%        
  2019 Q1  8.9B           8.4B         -5.4%        74.1%          65.5%        
  2019 Q2  9.4B           8.8B         -6.0%        72.1%          62.6%        
  2019 Q3  10.3B          9.6B         -6.5%        67.6%          57.9%        
  2019 Q4  11.7B          10.9B        -6.3%        60.2%          53.7%        
  2020 Q1  13.2B          12.3B        -7.0%        49.3%          46.8%        
  Year     Published SHs  Revised SHs  SHs % Delta  Published YoY  Revised YoY  
  2017     14.8B          14.8B        -0.4%        58.8%          NA           
  2018     24.0B          23.7B        -1.1%        61.7%          60.5%        
  2019     40.3B          37.8B        -6.1%        67.8%          59.3%        
                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
  Average Revenue per User                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
We measure our platform monetization through ARPU, which we believe represents the inherent value of our
business.We define ARPU as our platform revenue for the trailing four quarters divided by the average of the number
of active accounts at the end of the current period and the end of the corresponding period in the prior year. ARPU
measures the rate at which we are monetizing our active account base and the progress of our platform business. We
believe we have a significant opportunity to continue to grow platform revenue, and, as we further monetize
streaming hours, we believe we will increase ARPU. The growth of ARPU however, is dependent upon the relative
growth rates of platform revenue to active accounts. If for example, our active accounts grow at a faster rate than
platform revenue, our ARPU would decrease.

ARPU was $27.00 as of September 30, 2020 as compared to $22.58 as of September 30, 2019, an increase of 20%.
                                                                                                                   
   Components of Results of Operations                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Revenue                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Platform Revenue                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
We generate platform revenue from advertising sales and related services, subscription and transaction revenue
sharing arrangements with partners, the sale of Premium Subscription services, sales of branded channel buttons on
remote controls and licensing arrangements with TV brands and service operators. Our first-party video ad inventory
includes The Roku Channel, native display ads on our home screen and screen saver as well as ad inventory we obtain
through our content publisher agreements. To supplement our supply, we can re-sell video inventory that we purchase
from content publishers and, to a lesser extent, directly sell third-party inventory on a revenue share basis. To
date, we generate most of our platform revenue in the United States.
                                                                                                                   
  Player Revenue                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
We generate player revenue primarily from the sale of streaming players through consumer retail distribution
channels, including major brick and mortar retailers, such as Best Buy and Walmart, and online retailers, primarily
Amazon. We generate most of our player revenue in the United States. In our international markets, we sell our
players through wholesale distributors which, in turn, re-sell to retailers. We currently distribute our players in
Canada, the United Kingdom, France, the Republic of Ireland, Mexico, Brazil and several other Latin American
countries.

Player revenue also includes the sale of our audio products, including wireless speakers, smart soundbars and
wireless subwoofers.
                                                        26                                                         
                                                                                                                   
  Cost of Revenue                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Cost of Platform Revenue                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
Cost of platform revenue consists of the cost of acquiring advertising inventory, content or programming licensing
fees, payment processing fees, third-party cloud service and other technology expenses, amortization of acquired
technology, and allocated personnel-related costs, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation for
Roku personnel who support platform services.
                                                                                                                   
  Cost of Player Revenue                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
Cost of player revenue is comprised of player manufacturing costs payable to our third-party contract manufacturer,
technology licenses or royalty fees, inbound and outbound freight, duty and logistics costs, third-party packaging
and assembly costs, provision for excess or obsolete inventory, allocated overhead costs related to facilities and
customer support, and salary, benefit and stock-based compensation costs for operations personnel.
                                                                                                                   
  Operating Expenses                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Research and Development                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including employee salaries,
benefits and stock-based compensation for our engineers and other employees engaged in the development of our
products including new technologies, features and functionality and fees for outsourced consulting services. In
addition, research and development expenses include allocated facilities and overhead costs.We expect research and
development expense to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in the development of our platform to
support additional features and functions, player and TV products, advertising products and other platform
services.
                                                                                                                   
  Sales and Marketing                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including salaries, benefits,
commissions and stock-based compensation expense for our employees engaged in sales and sales support, marketing,
communications, data science and analytics, business development, product management and partner and customer
support functions. Sales and marketing expenses also include marketing, retail and merchandising costs, as well as
events, public relations and other professional services and allocated facilities and overhead. We expect sales and
marketing expenses to increase in absolute dollars in future periods as we focus on growing active accounts, player
and platform revenue, and expanding our business internationally.
                                                                                                                   
  General and Administrative                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including salaries, benefits and
stock-based compensation for our executive, finance, legal, information technology, human resources and other
administrative personnel. We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase due to the anticipated
growth of our business and related infrastructure, compliance with global laws and regulations, as well as
accounting, legal, insurance, investor relations and other costs associated with being a public company.
                                                                                                                   
  Other Income (Expense), Net                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Our other income (expense), net, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020 consists of interest income
on cash and cash equivalents, interest expense that primarily includes interest on our Credit Agreement and
amortization of deferred debt costs and foreign currency re-measurement and transaction gains and losses. Other
income (expense), net for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2019 consists of interest income on short-
term investments and cash balances, interest expense that primarily includes amortization of deferred debt costs,
foreign currency re-measurement, and transaction gains and losses.
                                                                                                                   
  Income Tax (Benefit) Expense                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Our income tax (benefit) expense consists primarily of income taxes in certain foreign jurisdictions where we
conduct business and state minimum income taxes in the United States. We have a valuation allowance for U.S.
deferred tax assets,
                                                        27                                                         
including net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits related primarily to research and development. We expect
to maintain this valuation allowance for the foreseeable future.
                                                                                                                   
   Results of Operations                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
The following table sets forth our results of operations as a percentage of net revenue.
                                                                                                                   
                         Three Months Ended                            Nine Months Ended                           
                              September 30,       September 30,            September 30,        September 30,      
                                       2020                2019                     2020                 2019      
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net Revenue:                                                                                                     
  Platform                               71  %               69  %                    71  %                67  %   
  Player                                 29  %               31  %                    29  %                33  %   
  Total net revenue                     100  %              100  %                   100  %               100  %   
  Cost of Revenue:                                                                                                 
  Platform                               28  %               26  %                    29  %                23  %   
  Player                                 24  %               29  %                    25  %                30  %   
  Total cost of                          52  %               55  %                    55  %                53  %   
  revenue                                                                                                          
  Gross Profit:                                                                                                    
  Platform                               43  %               43  %                    41  %                44  %   
  Player                                  5  %                2  %                     3  %                 3  %   
  Total gross profit                     48  %               45  %                    45  %                47  %   
  Operating Expenses:                                                                                              
  Research and                           20  %               26  %                    23  %                26  %   
  development                                                                                                      
  Sales and marketing                    16  %               18  %                    18  %                16  %   
  General and                            10  %               11  %                    11  %                11  %   
  administrative                                                                                                   
  Total operating                        46  %               55  %                    52  %                53  %   
  expenses                                                                                                         
  Income (Loss) from                      2  %              (10  )%                   (7  )%               (6  )%  
  Operations                                                                                                       
  Other Income, Net:                                                                                               
  Interest expense                        —  %                —  %                    (1  )%               (1  )%  
  Other income, net                       —  %                1  %                     —  %                 1  %   
  Total other income                      —  %                1  %                    (1  )%                —  %   
  (expense), net                                                                                                   
  Income (Loss)                           2  %               (9  )%                   (8  )%               (6  )%  
  Before Income Taxes                                                                                              
  Income tax                              —  %                —  %                     —  %                 —  %   
  (benefit) expense                                                                                                
  Net Income (Loss)                       2  %               (9  )%                   (8  )%               (6  )%  
                                                                                                                   
Comparison of Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2019
                                                                                                                   
  Net Revenue                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                 Three                                                 Nine                                        
                Months                                               Months                                        
                 Ended                                                Ended                                        
               Septem…       Septem…                                Septem…       Septem…                          
                   30,           30,        Change    Change            30,           30,       Change    Change   
                  2020          2019             $    %                2020          2019            $    %        
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (in                                                                                                              
  thous…                                                                                                           
  except                                                                                                           
  perce…                                                                                                           
  Platf…    $  319,231    $  179,322    $  139,909    78%        $  796,565    $  481,157    $  315,4…    66%      
  Player       132,432        81,606        50,826    62%           331,937       236,534       95,403    40%      
  Total                                                                                                            
  Net       $  451,663    $  260,928    $  190,735    73%        $  1,128,…    $  717,691    $  410,8…    57%      
  Reven…                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
Platform

Platform revenue increased by $139.9 million, or 78%, during the three months ended September 30, 2020 compared to
the three months ended September 30, 2019. The increase is mostly attributable to higher advertising revenue, which
includes revenue from dataxu, which we acquired in November 2019, in addition to higher content distribution
revenues and related transactional revenue, including Premium Subscriptions.
                                                        28                                                         
Platform revenue increased by $315.4 million, or 66%, during thenine months ended September 30, 2020compared to
thenine months ended September 30, 2019. The increase is mostly attributable to higher advertising revenue, which
includes revenue from dataxu, which we acquired in November 2019, in addition to higher content distribution
revenues and related transactional revenue, including Premium Subscriptions.

Player

Player revenue increased by $50.8 million, or 62%, during the three months ended September 30, 2020 as compared to
the three months ended September 30, 2019, due to an increase in the volume of players sold, including audio
products, and accessories. The volume of player units sold increased 57% as compared to the three months ended
September 30, 2019 offset by a 1% decrease in their average selling price. The volume increase was impacted by an
increase in the demand for players which we have experienced since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Player revenue increased by $95.4 million, or 40%, during the nine months ended September 30, 2020 as compared to
the nine months ended September 30, 2019, due to an increase in the volume of players sold, including audio
products, and accessories. The volume of player units sold increased 38% as compared to the nine months ended
September 30, 2019 offset by a 3% decrease in their average selling price of players. The volume increase was
impacted by an increase in the demand for players which we have experienced since the onset of the COVID-19
pandemic.
                                                                                                                   
  Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                 Three                                                 Nine                                        
                Months                                               Months                                        
                 Ended                                                Ended                                        
               Septem…       Septem…                                Septem…       Septem…                          
                   30,           30,        Change    Change            30,           30,       Change    Change   
                  2020          2019             $    %                2020          2019            $    %        
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (in                                                                                                              
  thous…                                                                                                           
  except                                                                                                           
  perce…                                                                                                           
  Cost                                                                                                             
  of                                                                                                               
  reven…                                                                                                           
  Platf…    $  124,568    $   67,075    $   57,493    86%        $  332,828    $  165,419    $  167,4…    101%     
  Player       112,271        75,376        36,895    49%           292,913       218,695       74,218    34%      
  Total                                                                                                            
  Cost      $  236,839    $  142,451    $   94,388    66%        $  625,741    $  384,114    $  241,6…    63%      
  of                                                                                                               
  Reven…                                                                                                           
  Gross                                                                                                            
  profi…                                                                                                           
  Platf…    $  194,663    $  112,247    $   82,416    73%        $  463,737    $  315,738    $  147,9…    47%      
  Player        20,161         6,230        13,931    224%           39,024        17,839       21,185    119%     
  Total                                                                                                            
  Gross     $  214,824    $  118,477    $   96,347    81%        $  502,761    $  333,577    $  169,1…    51%      
  Profit                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
Platform

Cost of platform revenue increased by $57.5 million, or 86%, during the three months ended September 30, 2020 as
compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019. This increase is a result of higher advertising costs,
including inventory acquisition, data and ad serving, content licensing fees and credit card processing fees
totaling $51.6 million, an increase in amortization of acquired intangibles of $2.3 million and an increase in
allocated personnel and operational overhead costs of $3.5 million.

Cost of platform revenue increased by $167.4 million, or 101%, during the nine months ended September 30, 2020 as
compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019. This increase is a result of higher advertising costs
including inventory acquisition, data and ad serving, content licensing fees and credit card processing fees
totaling $146.0 million, an increase in amortization of acquired intangibles of $7.0 million and an increase in
allocated personnel and operational overhead costs of $14.4 million.

Gross profit on platform revenue increased by $82.4 million, or 73%, during the three months ended September 30,
2020 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019, primarily driven by the overall growth in our
platform revenues.

Gross profit on platform revenue increased by $148.0 million, or 47%, during the nine months ended September 30,
2020 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019, primarily driven by the overall growth in our
platform revenues.
                                                        29                                                         
Player

Cost of player revenue increased by $36.9 million, or 49%, during the three months ended September 30, 2020 as
compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019. Manufacturing and freight costs increased in absolute
dollars due to the increase in volume of units sold.

Cost of player revenue increased by $74.2 million, or 34%, during the nine months ended September 30, 2020 as
compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019. The manufacturing cost of players increased by $57.3 million
due to the increase in volume of units sold. Freight expenses increased by $10.2 million primarily as a result of
additional costs incurred to expedite inventory supply to meet higher demand as well as the increase in volume of
units sold. Packaging costs and allocations of operational overhead costs increased by $6.7 million during the
period.

Gross profit on player sales increased by $13.9 million, or 224%, during the three months ended September 30, 2020
as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019, primarily driven by significantly higher sales volumes of
our player products.

Gross profit on player sales increased by $21.2 million, or 119%, during the nine months ended September 30, 2020
as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019, primarily driven by higher sales volumes of our player
products.
                                                                                                                   
  Operating Expenses                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                 Three                                                 Nine                                        
                Months                                               Months                                        
                 Ended                                                Ended                                        
               Septem…       Septem…                                Septem…       Septem…                          
                   30,           30,        Change    Change            30,           30,       Change    Change   
                  2020          2019             $    %                2020          2019            $    %        
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (in                                                                                                              
  thous…                                                                                                           
  except                                                                                                           
  perce…                                                                                                           
  Resea…                                                                                                           
  and       $   88,388    $   68,487    $   19,901    29%        $  261,053    $  186,219    $  74,834    40%      
  devel…                                                                                                           
  Sales                                                                                                            
  and           70,956        46,666        24,290    52%           203,368       117,041       86,327    74%      
  marke…                                                                                                           
  Gener…                                                                                                           
  and           43,510        29,873        13,637    46%           123,744        77,992       45,752    59%      
  admin…                                                                                                           
  Total                                                                                                            
  Opera…    $  202,854    $  145,026    $   57,828    40%        $  588,165    $  381,252    $  206,9…    54%      
  Expen…                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
Research and Development

Research and development expenses increased by $19.9 million, or 29%, during the three months ended September 30,
2020 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019. The increase was primarily due to increases in
personnel-related costs of $15.3 million due to the growth in engineering headcount and related stock-based
compensation, higher professional service and consulting fees of $6.9 million, higher allocated facilities costs of
$1.6 million offset by allocations to platform and player overhead of $3.9 million.

Research and development expenses increased by $74.8 million, or 40%, during the nine months ended September 30,
2020 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019. The increase was primarily due to increases in
personnel-related costs of $52.1 million due to the growth in engineering headcount and related stock-based
compensation, higher professional service and consulting fees of $20.8 million, higher allocated facilities costs
of $11.8 million offset by allocations to platform and player overhead of $9.9 million.

We expect research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in the
development of our platform to support additional features and functions, player and TV products, advertising
products and other platform services.

Sales and Marketing

Sales and marketing expenses increased by $24.3 million, or 52%, during the three months ended September 30, 2020
as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019. The increase was primarily due to higher personnel-
related costs of $16.2 million related to increased headcount and related stock-based compensation in sales and
sales support, product management, marketing and business analytics to support efforts to grow our business. Other
sales and marketing expenses include an increase of $5.0 million mainly due to an increase in marketing, retail and
merchandising costs, an increase of $2.6 million in higher facilities costs and a net increase of $0.5 million in
other marketing expenses from higher costs of
                                                        30                                                         
consulting services and higher amortization of acquired intangible assets, partially offset by a decrease in travel
expenses due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Sales and marketing expenses increased by $86.3 million, or 74%, during the nine months ended September 30, 2020 as
compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019. The increase was primarily due to higher personnel-related
costs of $48.7 million related to increased headcount and related stock-based compensation in sales and sales
support, product management, and marketing and business analytics to support efforts to grow our business. Other
sales and marketing expenses include an increase of $20.5 million mainly due to increase in marketing, retail and
merchandising costs, an increase of $11.4 million in higher facilities costs and a net increase of $5.8 million in
other expenses primarily related to higher costs of consulting services and higher amortization of acquired
intangible assets, partially offset by a decrease in travel expenses due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

We expect sales and marketing expenses to increase in absolute dollars in future periods as we focus on growing
active accounts, player and platform revenues, and expanding our business internationally.

General and Administrative

General and administrative expenses increased by $13.6 million, or 46%, during the three months ended September 30,
2020 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019. The increase was primarily due to higher personnel-
related costs of $8.1 million as a result of increased headcount and related stock-based compensation, an increase
of $3.5 million in higher legal and other outside consulting and professional service fees, an increase of $0.8
million related to higher facility costs, and a net increase of $1.3 million in other expenses that includes
facilities costs, depreciation expense and offset by allocations of overhead to other functions and decrease in
travel expenses due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

General and administrative expenses increased by $45.8 million, or 59%, during the nine months ended September 30,
2020 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019. The increase was primarily due to higher personnel-
related costs of $21.6 million as a result of increased headcount and related stock-based compensation, an increase
of $13.2 million related to higher legal, consulting and professional service fees, an increase of $4.4 million
related to higher facility costs, an increase of $2.9 million in allowance for credit losses and a net increase of
$3.7 million that includes various corporate expenses and overhead offset by a decrease in travel expenses due to
the COVID-19 pandemic.

We expect to continue to invest in corporate infrastructure to support growth. We expect general and administrative
expenses to increase in absolute dollars in future periods.
                                                                                                                   
  Other Income (Expense), Net                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
             Three                                                  Nine                                           
             Mont…                                                 Mont…                                           
             Ended                                                 Ended                                           
             Sept…          Sept…                                  Sept…          Sept…                            
               30,            30,          Chan…       Chan…         30,            30,          Cha…       Chan…  
              2020           2019          $           %            2020           2019          $          %      
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (in                                                                                                              
  tho…                                                                                                             
  exc…                                                                                                             
  per…                                                                                                             
  Int…    $   (773  )    $   (767  )    $  (6     )    1%       $  (2,6…  )    $  (1,4…  )    $  (1,…  )    86%    
  exp…                                                                                                             
  Oth…                                                                                                             
  inc…       1,202          2,065          (863   )    (42)%       3,020          4,272          (1,…  )    (29)%  
  net                                                                                                              
  Tot…                                                                                                             
  Oth…                                                                                                             
  Inc…    $    429       $  1,298       $  (869   )    (67)%    $    350       $  2,836       $  (2,…  )    (88)%  
  (Ex…                                                                                                             
  Net                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
Total other income (expense), net, decreased by $0.9 million during the three months ended September 30, 2020 as
compared to the three months ended September 30, 2019 primarily due to a reduction in interest income due to lower
interest rates in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Total other income (expense), net, decreased by $2.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2020 as
compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2019 primarily due to an increase in interest expense related to
the Credit Agreement and amortization of deferred debt costs and a reduction in interest income due to lower
interest rates in the second and third quarter of 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
                                                        31                                                         
                                                                                                                   
  Income Tax (Benefit) Expense                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
             Three                                                 Nine                                            
             Mont…                                                 Months                                          
             Ended                                                 Ended                                           
             Sept…          Sept…                                  Septe…          Sept…                           
             30,            30,            Chan…       Chan…       30,             30,            Change    Chan…  
             2020           2019           $           %           2020            2019                $    %      
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (in                                                                                                              
  tho…                                                                                                             
  exc…                                                                                                             
  per…                                                                                                             
  Inc…                                                                                                             
  tax     $  (548   )    $  (96    )    $  (452   )    471%     $  (241    )    $  (619   )    $     378    (61)%  
  (be…                                                                                                             
  exp…                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
Income tax (benefit) expense arises from foreign income taxes and state minimum income taxes in the United States.
                                                                                                                   
   Liquidity and Capital Resources                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
As of September 30, 2020, we had cash and cash equivalents of $1,047.5 million. Our primary source of liquidity is
cash generated through operating and financing activities and our borrowings under the Credit Agreement. Our
primary uses of cash include operating expenses such as personnel-related expenses, consultants and professional
services, and investments in capital spending. Our future capital requirements may vary materially from those
currently planned and will depend on many factors including our growth rate and the continuing market acceptance of
our advertising platform, operating system and technology and players along with the timing and effort related to
the introduction of new platform features, players, hiring of experienced personnel, the expansion of sales and
marketing activities, as well as overall economic conditions. In 2018 and 2019, we entered into lease agreements
for our new corporate headquarters, as well as other office locations. We incurred material expenses beginning in
2019 and expect to continue to incur material expenses in 2020 and future years for facility and related building
costs. We completed the acquisition of dataxu in November 2019 for a total purchase consideration of $147.3
million, which consisted of $77.6 million in cash and $69.7 million for the fair value of our 571,459 shares of
Class A common stock. We may contemplate additional merger and acquisition activity that could materially impact
our liquidity and capital resource position. However, we believe that our existing cash balances and cash flow from
operations will be sufficient to fund our working capital and meet our anticipated cash needs for the foreseeable
future.

As of September 30, 2020, approximately 1% of our cash was held outside the United States. These amounts were
primarily held in Europe and are utilized to fund our foreign operations. The amount of unremitted earnings related
to our foreign subsidiaries is not material.
                                                                                                                   
  At-the-Market Offering                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
On May 13, 2020, we entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement with Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and Citigroup
Global Markets Inc., as our sales agents, pursuant to which we could offer and sell from time to time up to an
aggregate of 4.0 million shares of our Class A common stock. As of September 30, 2020, we sold all 4.0 million
shares and received gross proceeds of $504.0 millionat an average selling price of $126.01 per share and incurred
issuance costs of $6.8 million.

Senior Secured Term Loan A and Revolving Credit Facilities

On February 19, 2019 (the “Original Closing Date”), we entered into a Credit Agreement (the “Existing Credit
Agreement”) with Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. (“MSSF”). On May 3, 2019, (the “Closing Date”), the Existing
Credit Agreement was amended pursuant to an Incremental Assumption and Amendment No. 1 (the “Amendment” and the
Existing Credit Agreement as amended by the Amendment, the “Credit Agreement”). On the Original Closing Date, we
terminated the Restated 2014 LSA.

The Credit Agreement provides for (i) a four-year revolving credit facility in the aggregate principal amount of up
to $100.0 million (the “Revolving Credit Facility”), (ii) a four-year delayed draw term loan A facility in the
aggregate principal amount of up to $100.0 million (the “Term Loan A Facility”) and (iii) an uncommitted
incremental facility, subject to the satisfaction of certain financial and other conditions, in the amount of up to
(v) $50.0 million, plus (w) 1.0x of our consolidated EBITDA for the most recently completed four fiscal quarter
period, plus (x) an additional amount at our discretion, so long as, on a pro forma basis at the time of
incurrence, our secured leverage ratio does not exceed 1.50 to 1.00, plus (y) voluntary prepayments of the
Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan A Facility to the extent accompanied by concurrent reductions to the
applicable Credit Facility (together with the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan A Facility, collectively,
the “Credit Facility”).

On November 18, 2019, we drew from the Term Loan A facility in the aggregate principal amount of $100.0 million. In
March 2020, we borrowed the available balance of $69.3 million of Revolving Credit Facility. For both borrowings,
we
                                                        32                                                         
elected a Eurodollar borrowing with interest at a rate equal to the adjusted one-month LIBOR rate plus an
applicable margin of 1.75% based on our secured leverage ratio.In May 2020, we repaid the outstanding balance on
the Revolving Credit Facility.

Loans under the Term Loan A Facility will amortize in equal quarterly installments beginning March 31, 2020, in an
aggregate annual amount equal to (i) on or prior to December 31, 2021, 1.25% of the drawn principal amount of the
Term Loan Facility or $1.25 million and (ii) thereafter, 2.50% of the drawn principal amount of the Term Loan
Facility or $2.5 million, with the remaining balance payable on the maturity date of the Term Loan A Facility in
February 2023. The Revolving Credit Facility may be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed until the fourth anniversary of
the Closing Date in February 2023, at which time all outstanding balances of the Revolving Credit Facility are due
to be repaid.

We had outstanding letters of credit of $30.6 million and $30.7 million as of September 30, 2020 and December 31,
2019, respectively, against the Revolving Credit Facility.

Our obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by substantially all of our assets. In the future, certain
of our direct and indirect subsidiaries may be required to guarantee the Credit Agreement. We may prepay, and in
circumstances are required to prepay, loans under the Credit Agreement without payment of a premium. The Credit
Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, customary affirmative and negative covenants, a
financial covenant that is tested quarterly and requires us to maintain a certain adjusted quick ratio of at least
1.00 to 1.00, and customary events of default.

As of September 30, 2020, we were in compliance with all of the covenants of the Credit Agreement.
                                                                                                                   
  Cash Flows                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented (in thousands):
                                                                                        
                                              Nine Months Ended                         
                                                  September 30,          September 30,  
                                                           2020                   2019  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                                 
  Data:                                                                                 
  Cash flows provided by operating         $            101,147       $         24,287  
  activities                                                                            
  Cash flows provided by (used in)                      (74,954  )               2,891  
  investing activities                                                                  
  Cash flows provided by financing                      504,698                204,125  
  activities                                                                            
                                                                                        
Operating Activities

Our operating activities provided cash of $101.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2020. Our net loss
of $84.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 was adjusted by non-cash charges of $164.9 million
comprising mainly of $95.3 million of stock-based compensation, $26.6 million of depreciation and amortization
primarily on property and equipment and intangible assets, $22.4 million of amortization of operating lease right-
of-use assets, $17.1 million of amortization of content assets and $3.1 million of provision for doubtful accounts.
The changes in our operating assets and liabilities provided cash of $21.1 million comprised of inflows of $71.3
million from an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities due to timing of payments, increased developer
payables, and overall growth in the volume of business, $18.1 million from an increase in operating lease
liabilities, $10.9 million from an increase in deferred revenue, and $0.8 million from a decrease in other non-
current assets. These inflows were partially offset by cash outflows of $62.8 million from an increase in accounts
receivable primarily driven by higher sales volume and increased revenue, $12.9 million from an increase in
inventory balances, $3.6 million from an increase in prepaid and other current assets due to an increase in prepaid
capital expenditure for new facilities, and $0.8 million from a decrease in other long-term liabilities.

Our operating activities provided cash of $24.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2019. Our net loss
of $44.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2019 was adjusted by non-cash charges of $83.6 million
comprising mainly of $59.2 million of stock-based compensation, $13.6 million of amortization of operating lease
right-of-use assets, $9.2 million of depreciation and amortization primarily on property and equipment, and $1.3
million of amortization of content assets. The changes in our operating assets and liabilities used cash of $15.1
million comprised of inflows of $68.1 million from an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities due to
timing of payments, increased developer payables, and overall growth in the volume of business. These inflows were
offset by cash outflows of $37.9 million from an increase in inventory balances, $16.2 million from a decrease in
deferred revenue, $15.2 million from an increase in prepaid and other current assets due to an increase in prepaid
contracts, marketing expenses and prepaid capital expenditure for new facilities, $13.1 million from an increase in
accounts receivable as a result of increased revenue.
                                                        33                                                         
Investing Activities

Our investing activities used cash of $75.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2020. The cash used
primarily comprised of $76.0 million for the purchase of property and equipment, which primarily related to
expenditures on leasehold improvements related to expanding our facilities and other capital investments partially
offset by $1.1 million of cash received from proceeds from the resolution of purchase acquisition contingencies.

Our investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2019 included cash inflow of $53.3 million
received from the sales/maturities of short-term investments, offset by $38.1 million for the purchase of property
and equipment, expenditures on leasehold improvements related to expanding our facilities and other capital
investments and $12.4 million for the purchase of short-term investments.

Financing Activities

Our financing activities provided cash of $504.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2020. The cash was
received mainly from net proceeds from the issuance of shares of our Class A common stock through an at-the-market
offering amounting to $497.2 million, net of offering costs, proceeds from borrowings amounting to $69.3 million
and proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options of $11.2 million. These inflows were partially offset by
$73.1 million of repayments made on the Existing Credit Agreement.

Our financing activities provided cash of $204.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2019. The cash was
received mainly from net proceeds from the issuance of common stock through our at-the-market programs amounting to
$179.4 million, net of offering costs and the exercise of employee stock options of $24.8 million.
                                                                                                                   
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
During the periods presented, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined by applicable SEC
rules and regulations.
                                                                                                                   
  Contractual Obligations                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
Our future minimum payments under our noncancelable contractual obligations were as follows as of September 30,
2020 (in thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                               Payments Due by Period       Less Than         1 – 3         3 – 5       More Than  
                                                Total          1 Year         Years         Years         5 Years  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Term Loan A Facility      $                  96,250           5,000        91,250             —               —  
  (1)                                                                                                              
  Purchase commitments                        226,770         226,770             —             —               —  
  (2)                                                                                                              
  Operating lease                             443,337          47,051       137,900       135,991         122,395  
  obligations (3)                                                                                                  
  Other obligations (4)                        44,554          23,536        20,511           507               —  
  Total                     $                 810,911    $    302,357    $  249,661    $  136,498    $    122,395  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
       Represents the principal amount of Term Loan A Facility. For additional information regarding the terms of  
  (1)  the debt and interest payable, see Note 9 to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in   
       Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.                                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  (2)  Represents commitments to purchase finished goods from our contract manufacturer and other inventory        
       related items.                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
                                                                         
  (3)  Represents future minimum lease payments under operating leases.  
                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
  (4)  Represents commitments included in other non-cancelable arrangements such as content licensing,             
       advertising buys and other platform services.                                                               
                                                                                                                   
We rely on an outsourced supplier to manufacture, assemble and test our players and audio devices. Consistent with
industry practices, we enter into firm, noncancelable, and unconditional purchase commitments to acquire products
through a combination of purchase orders, supplier contracts, and open orders based on projected demand
information. Our contract manufacturer sources components and builds our products based on these demand forecasts.
Changes to projected demand or in the subsequent sales mix of our products, may result in us being committed to
purchase excess inventory to satisfy these commitments.
                                                        34                                                         
The contractual commitment amounts in the table above are associated with agreements that are enforceable and
legally binding. Obligations under contracts that we can cancel without a significant penalty are not included in
the table above.
                                                                                                                   
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and related disclosures. These estimates and assumptions
are affected by management’s application of accounting policies, as well as uncertainty in the current economic
environment due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis.

Except for the accounting policy related to our adoption of ASC 326 related to credit losses and policy election
for ASU 2020-04 regarding reference rate reforms, there have been no material changes to our critical accounting
policies and estimates as compared to the critical accounting policies and estimates described in our Annual
Report.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.                                            │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                                                                   
  Interest Rate Fluctuation Risk                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
Our exposure to interest rate risk relates to the interest income generated by cash, cash equivalents and short-
term investments and interest expense on the Credit Agreement. The primary objective of our investment activities
is to preserve principal while maximizing income without significantly increasing risk. We do not believe that an
increase or decrease in interest rates of 100 basis points would have a material effect on our operating results or
financial condition. As of September 30, 2020, borrowings under the Term Loan A Facility totaled $96.3 million with
an effective interest rate of 2.03%. If the amount outstanding under our Term Loan A Facility remains at this level
for an entire year and interest rates increased or decreased by 100 basis points, our annual interest expense would
increase or decrease, respectively, by an additional $1.0 million.
                                                                                                                   
  Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
During the nine months ended September 30, 2020, there were no material changes to our foreign currency exchange
rate risk disclosures as set forth under the heading “Item 7A – Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
Market Risk,” in Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 4. Controls and Procedures.                                                                               │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                                                                   
   Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures                                                                
                                                                                                                   
Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, has
evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.Based on such
evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the
period covered by this quarterly report, our disclosure controls and procedures were, in design and operation,
effective at a reasonable assurance level.

Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. Any controls and
procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the
desired control objective and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit
relationship of possible controls and procedures.
                                                                                                                   
   Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting                                                            
                                                                                                                   
There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation
required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended September 30,
2020 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting.
                                                        35                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                             PART II—OTHER INFORMATION                                             
                                                                                                                   
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 1. Legal Proceedings                                                                                      │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
We are currently involved in, and may in the future be involved in, legal proceedings, claims, and investigations
in the ordinary course of our business, including claims for infringing patents, copyrights or other intellectual
property rights related to our platform and products, or the content distributed through our platform by us or
third-party channel developers. Although the results of these proceedings, claims, and investigations cannot be
predicted with certainty, we do not believe that the final outcome of any matters that we are currently involved in
are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of
operations. Regardless of final outcomes, however, any such proceedings, claims, and investigations may nonetheless
impose a significant burden on management and employees and may come with expensive attorney fees or unfavorable
preliminary and interim rulings.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 1A. Risk Factors                                                                                          │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Our business involves significant risks, some of which are described below. You should carefully consider the risks
and uncertainties described below, together with all the other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q,
including “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the
consolidated financial statements and the related notes. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our
business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, revenue, and future prospects could be harmed. In
addition, you should consider the interrelationship and compounding effects of two or more risks occurring
simultaneously. Many of the risks and uncertainties described below may be exacerbated by the ongoing COVID-19
pandemic and any worsening of the global business and economic environment as a result. Unless otherwise indicated,
references to our business being harmed in these risk factors will include harm to our business, reputation,
financial condition, results of operations, revenue, and future prospects. In that event, the market price of our
Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. The risks facing our
business have not changed substantively from those discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC
on March 2, 2020 except for those risks marked with an asterisk (*).
                                                                                                                   
   Risks Related to Our Business and Industry                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has impacted our business and we are unable to predict the extent to which the
pandemic and related effects will continue to impact our business.*

Beginning in the first quarter and continuing through the third quarter of 2020, there has been widespread global
impact from the COVID-19 pandemic, and our business has been, and will continue to be, impacted by the pandemic and
resulting economic consequences. The spread of COVID-19 has caused us to take precautionary measures intended to
help minimize the risk of the virus to our employees, including mandatory work-from-home policies, suspending non-
essential business travel and canceling physical participation in meetings, events and conferences. We may take
further actions as required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our
employees, TV brand partners, content publishers, advertisers, retail and distribution partners, contract
manufacturers, services venders and supply chain. There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to
mitigate the risks posed by the COVID-19 pandemic, and an extended period of remote work arrangements could disrupt
our business, introduce business and operational risks, including cybersecurity risks, and could make it more
difficult for us to effectively manage our business.

The COVID-19 pandemic and the precautionary measures that we have taken in response have had a mixed impact on our
business during the quarters ended March 31, 2020, June 30, 2020, September 30, 2020 and into the fourth quarter of
2020. Since staying-at-home restrictions were first issued in the first quarter of 2020, we have seen an
acceleration in both streaming hours, which has moderated since peaking in early in the second quarter, and account
activations. In our platform segment, we have experienced increases in trials of and subscriptions to SVOD content,
growth in the consumption of AVOD content, and increased purchases of TVOD content and during the second quarter
2020 we also experienced delays in the start of some video advertising campaigns and an increase in advertising
campaign cancellations. During the pandemic, we also have encountered supply chain disruptions related to our
players that resulted in elevated air freight costs to replenish inventory and meet increased demand. Additionally,
some of our retail partners have had to close or severely limit access to their brick-and-mortar locations,
resulting in reduced sale of devices in these locations. Further, our management team has focused on addressing the
impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, which has required and will continue to require, a significant
investment of their time and resources, and has diverted their attention away from other aspects of our business.
In light of the COVID-19 pandemic, our management team has taken steps to slow the rate of growth of our operating
expenses and capital expenditures and is monitoring our liquidity. In May 2020, we entered into an Equity
Distribution Agreement with Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as sales agents (the
“Equity Distribution Agreement”), pursuant to which we sold 4.0 million shares of our Class A common stock at an
average selling
                                                        36                                                         
price of $126.01 per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of $504.0 million, a portion of which was used to repay
$69.3 million that we drew down on our revolving credit facility in March 2020. Our management team will continue
to evaluate our investments and initiatives for 2020 as the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve.

The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic ultimately impacts our business will depend on future developments, which
are uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of the outbreak, its
severity, the actions taken by governmental authorities to contain the virus or treat its impacts, and how quickly
and to what extent economic and operating conditions normalize. As staying-at-home restrictions are eased consumers
may spend less time streaming TV, which could reduce our streaming hours and number of active accounts and also
could negatively impact our platform revenue if we experience a decrease in sales of advertising or transactional
revenue shares from content publishers. We also may incur significant operating costs and be exposed to increased
liability risks as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, both now and increasingly so once staying-at-home
restrictions are lifted and employees begin to return to our offices, such as the cost of collecting additional
information (including health and medical information) about our employee, contractors and visitors at our
facilities; and testing supplies and personal protective equipment for on-site staff. In addition, with the
increase in remote working during the COVID-19 pandemic, we may not be able to maintain the same level of control
over the security of our systems or the personal information that we collect, store and process, particularly as
cyber attackers appear to increasingly attempt to compromise systems and data in an effort to exploit this
pandemic. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic itself has subsided, we may continue to experience impacts to our
business as a result of any global economic impact, including as a result of an ongoing recession. For instance, we
do not know what impact the ongoing restrictions or changes in consumer shopping patterns may have on traditionally
strong sales periods, including Black Friday and other holidays, and any significant reduction of streaming device
sales in these periods would negatively impact our business. Further, a prolonged economic downturn may result in
the purchase of fewer streaming devices which could lead to a reduction in account activations and streaming hours,
and also could negatively impact our revenue. Our platform business also may continue to be negatively impacted by
continued decreases in total advertising spend, if advertising budgets do not shift to OTT advertising or if
acquiring content that our users want to watch becomes more difficult or costly for us or our convent partners as
the amount of new content decreases due to the COVID-19 pandemic. A prolonged economic downturn could also impact
the overall financial condition of our TV brand partners, content publishers, advertisers, retailers, contract
manufacturer, services venders and supply chain all of whom we depend on in order to operate our business. As a
result, the current level of uncertainty over the economic and operational impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic means
the impact on our business cannot be reasonably estimated at this time.

We have incurred operating losses in the past, expect to incur operating losses in the future and may never achieve
or maintain profitability.*

We began operations in 2002 and we have experienced net losses and negative cash flows from operations in each year
since inception. As of September 30, 2020, we had an accumulated deficit of $399.7 million and for the nine months
ended September 30, 2020, we experienced a net loss of $84.8 million. We expect our operating expenses to increase
in the future as we expand our operations. If our revenue and gross profit do not grow at a greater rate than our
operating expenses, we will not be able to achieve and maintain profitability. We expect to incur significant
losses in the future for a number of reasons, including without limitation the other risks and uncertainties
described herein. Additionally, we may encounter unforeseen operating or legal expenses, difficulties,
complications, delays and other factors that may result in losses in future periods. If our expenses exceed our
revenue, we may never achieve or maintain profitability and our business may be harmed.

Our quarterly operating results may be volatile and are difficult to predict, and our stock price may decline if we
fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors.*

Our revenue, gross profit and other operating results could vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-
year and may fail to match our past performance due to a variety of factors, including many factors that are
outside of our control. Factors that may contribute to the variability of our operating results and cause the
market price of our Class A common stock to fluctuate include:
                                                                                                                   
  •  the entrance of new competitors or competitive products in our market, whether by established or new          
     companies;                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •  our ability to retain and grow our active account base and increase engagement among new and existing users;  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •  our ability to maintain effective pricing practices, in response to the competitive markets in which we       
     operate or other macroeconomic factors, such as inflation or increased taxes;                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                  
  •  our revenue mix, which drives gross profit;  
                                                  
                                                   
  •  advertiser demand for advertising inventory;  
                                                   
                                                                                      
  •  seasonal, cyclical or other shifts in revenue from advertising or player sales;  
                                                                                      
                                                        37                                                         
                                                                                 
  •  the timing of the launch of new or updated products, channels or features;  
                                                                                 
                                                           
  •  the addition or loss of popular content or channels;  
                                                           
                                                              
  •  the ability of retailers to anticipate consumer demand;  
                                                              
                                                                                                                   
  •  an increase in the manufacturing or component costs of our players or the manufacturing or component costs    
     of our TV brand licensees for Roku TV models;                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
     delays in delivery of our players or our partners’ Roku TV models, or disruptions in our or our licensees’    
  •  supply or distribution chains, including any disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, tariffs, or other   
     trade restrictions or disruptions; and                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •  an increase in costs associated with protecting our intellectual property, defending against third-party      
     intellectual property infringement allegations or procuring rights to third-party intellectual property.      
                                                                                                                   
Our gross margins vary across our devices and platform offerings. Our player segment revenue has a lower gross
margin compared to our platform segment revenue derived through our arrangements with advertising, content
distribution, billing, and licensing activities. Gross margins on our players vary across player models and can
change over time as a result of product transitions, pricing and configuration changes, component costs, player
returns and other cost fluctuations. In addition, our gross margin and operating margin percentages, as well as
overall profitability, may be adversely impacted as a result of a shift in device, geographic or sales channel mix,
component cost increases, price competition, or the introduction of new streaming devices, including those that
have higher cost structures with flat or reduced pricing. We have in the past and may in the future strategically
reduce our player gross margin in an effort to increase the number of active accounts and grow our gross profit. As
a result, our player segment revenue may not increase as rapidly as it has historically, or at all, and, unless we
are able to adequately increase our platform revenue and grow the number of active accounts, we may be unable to
grow gross profit and our business will be harmed. If a reduction in gross margin does not result in an increase in
our active accounts or increase our platform revenue and gross profit, our financial results may suffer, and our
business may be harmed.

If we have difficulty managing our growth in operating expenses, our business could be harmed.

We have experienced significant growth in our research and development, sales and marketing, support services,
operations and general and administrative functions in recent years and expect to continue to expand these
activities. Our historical growth has placed, and expected future growth will continue to place, significant
demands on our management, as well as our financial and operational resources, to:
                                    
  •  manage a larger organization;  
                                    
                                                                                    
  •  hire more employees, including engineers with relevant skills and experience;  
                                                                                    
                                                          
  •  expand our manufacturing and distribution capacity;  
                                                          
                                                
  •  increase our sales and marketing efforts;  
                                                
                                                 
  •  broaden our customer support capabilities;  
                                                 
                                                                 
  •  support a larger number of TV brand and service operators;  
                                                                 
                                                               
  •  implement appropriate operational and financial systems;  
                                                               
                                  
  •  expand internationally; and  
                                  
                                                                       
  •  maintain effective financial disclosure controls and procedures.  
                                                                       
In addition, due to the continued growth in our headcount, we entered into lease agreements for a new corporate
headquarters, which we began to occupy and started to incur material expenses for during 2019.

If we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may not be able to execute our business strategies and our business
will be harmed.

TV streaming is highly competitive and many companies, including large technology companies, content owners and
aggregators, TV brands and service operators, are actively focusing on this industry. If we fail to differentiate
ourselves and compete successfully with these companies, it will be difficult for us to attract and retain users
and our business will be harmed.*

TV streaming is highly competitive and global. Our success depends in part on attracting and retaining users on,
and effective monetization of, our streaming platform. To attract and retain users, we need to be able to respond
efficiently to changes in consumer tastes and preferences and to offer our users access to the content they love on
terms that they accept. Effective monetization requires us to continue to update the features and functionality of
our streaming platform for users, content publishers and advertisers. We also must effectively support popular
sources of streaming content, such as Amazon Prime Video, Disney+, Hulu, Netflix and YouTube, and respond rapidly
to actual and anticipated market trends in the TV streaming industry.
                                                        38                                                         
Companies such as Amazon, Apple and Google offer TV streaming devices that compete with our streaming players and
Roku TV models. In addition, Google licenses its Android operating system software for integration into smart TVs
and service provider set-top boxes and Amazon licenses its operating system software for integration into smart
TVs. These companies have greater financial resources than we do and can subsidize the cost of their streaming
devices in order to promote their other products and services, which could make it harder for us to acquire new
users, retain existing users and increase streaming hours. These companies could also implement standards or
technology that are not compatible with our products or that provide a better streaming experience. These companies
also promote their brands through traditional forms of advertising, such as TV commercials, as well as digital
advertising or website product placement, and have greater resources to devote to such efforts than we do.

In addition, many TV brands offer their own TV streaming solutions within their TVs. Other devices, such as game
consoles and many DVD and Blu-ray players, also incorporate TV streaming functionality. Similarly, some service
operators offer TV streaming applications as part of their cable service plans and can leverage their existing
consumer bases, installation networks, broadband delivery networks and name recognition to gain traction in the TV
streaming market. If consumers of TV streaming content prefer these alternative products to our streaming players
and our partners' Roku TV models, we may not be able to achieve our expected growth in revenue, gross profit or
ARPU.

In July 2018, we introduced our Roku TV Wireless Speakers, designed specifically for use with Roku TV models, in
September 2019, we launched our Roku Smart Soundbar and Roku Wireless Subwoofer and in September 2020, we launched
our Roku Streambar. As a result of these developments, we may face additional competition from makers of TV audio
speakers and soundbars, as well as makers of other TV peripheral devices. While our audio products have not
generated significant revenue, if these products do not operate as designed or do not enhance the Roku TV or other
viewing experience as we intend, our users’ overall viewing experience may be diminished, and this may impact the
overall demand for Roku TV models or our other products.

We expect competition in TV streaming from the large technology companies and service operators described above, as
well as new and growing companies, to increase in the future. This increased competition could result in pricing
pressure, lower revenue and gross profit or the failure of our players, Roku TV models or our platform to gain or
maintain broad market acceptance. To remain competitive and maintain our position as a leading TV streaming
platform we need to continuously invest in product development, marketing, service and support and device
distribution infrastructure. In addition, evolving TV standards such as 4K, 8K, HDR and unknown future developments
may require further investments in the development of our players, Roku TV models, and our platform. We may not
have sufficient resources to continue to make the investments needed to maintain our competitive position. In
addition, most of our competitors have longer operating histories, greater name recognition, larger customer bases
and significantly greater financial, technical, sales, marketing and other resources than us, which provide them
with advantages in developing, marketing or servicing new products and offerings. As a result, they may be able to
respond more quickly to market demand, devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sales of their
products or the distribution of their content, and influence market acceptance of their products better than we
can. These competitors may also be able to adapt more quickly to new or emerging technologies or standards and may
be able to deliver products and services at a lower cost. Increased competition could reduce our sales volume,
revenue and operating margins, increase our operating costs, harm our competitive position and otherwise harm our
business.

We also compete for video viewing hours with mobile platforms (phones and tablets), and users may prefer to view
streaming content on such devices. Increased use of mobile or other platforms for TV streaming could adversely
impact the growth of our streaming hours, harm our competitive position and otherwise harm our business.

We operate in an evolving industry, which makes it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects. If TV
streaming develops more slowly than we expect, our operating results and growth prospects could be harmed. In
addition, our future growth depends on the acceptance and growth of digital advertising and digital advertising
platforms.*

TV streaming is a rapidly evolving industry, making our business and prospects difficult to evaluate. The growth
and profitability of this industry and the level of demand and market acceptance for our products and streaming
platform are subject to a high degree of uncertainty. We believe that the continued growth of streaming as an
entertainment alternative will depend on the availability and growth of cost-effective broadband internet access,
the quality of broadband content delivery, the quality and reliability of new devices and technology, the cost for
users relative to other sources of content, as well as the quality and breadth of content that is delivered across
streaming platforms. These technologies, products and content offerings continue to emerge and evolve. In addition,
many advertisers continue to devote a substantial portion of their advertising budgets to traditional advertising,
such as linear TV, radio and print. The future growth of our business depends on the growth of OTT advertising, and
on advertisers increasing their spend on advertising on our platform. We
                                                        39                                                         
cannot be certain that they will do so. If advertisers, or their agency relationships, do not perceive meaningful
benefits of OTT advertising, the market may develop more slowly than we expect, which could adversely impact our
operating results and our ability to grow our business.

We may not be successful in our efforts to further monetize our streaming platform, which may harm our business.*

Our business model depends on our ability to generate platform revenue from advertisers and content publishers. We
generate platform revenue primarily from video advertising and audience development campaigns that run across our
streaming platform and from content distribution services. As such, we are seeking to expand our user base and
increase the number of hours that are streamed across our platform in an effort to create additional platform
revenue opportunities. As our user base grows and as we increase the amount of content offered and streamed across
our streaming platform, we must effectively monetize our expanding user base and streaming activity. The total
number of streaming hours, however, does not correlate with platform revenue on a period-by-period basis, primarily
because we do not monetize every hour streamed on our streaming platform. Moreover, streaming hours on our platform
are measured whenever a player or a Roku TV is streaming content, whether a viewer is actively watching or not. For
example, if a player is connected to a TV, and the viewer turns off the TV, steps away or falls asleep and does not
stop or pause the player then the particular streaming channel may continue to play content for a period of time
determined by the streaming channel. We believe that this also occurs across a wide variety of non-Roku streaming
devices and other set-top boxes. During the third quarter of 2019, we began rolling out a new Roku OS feature that
is designed to identify when content has been continuously streaming on a channel for an extended period of time
without user interaction. This feature periodically prompts the user to confirm that they are still watching the
selected channel and closes the channel if the user does not respond affirmatively. We believe that implementing
this new feature across the Roku platform will benefit us, our customers, channel partners and advertisers. Some of
our leading channel partners, including Netflix, have already implemented similar features within their channels.
This new Roku OS feature, which now has been rolled out to our entire installed base, supplements these channel
features. We do not expect the rollout of this feature to have a material impact on our future financial
performance.

Our ability to deliver more relevant advertisements to our users and to increase our platform’s value to
advertisers and content publishers depends on the collection of user engagement data, which may be restricted or
prevented by a number of factors. Users may decide to opt out or restrict our ability to collect personal viewing
data or to provide them with more relevant advertisements. Content publishers may also refuse to allow us to
collect data regarding user engagement or refuse to implement mechanisms we request to ensure compliance with our
legal obligations or technical requirements. For example, we are not able to fully utilize program level viewing
data from many of our most popular channels to improve the relevancy of advertisements provided to our users. Other
channels available on our platform, such as Amazon Prime Video, Apple TV+, Hulu and YouTube, are focused on
increasing user engagement and time spent within their channel by allowing users to purchase additional content and
streaming services within their channels. In addition, we do not currently monetize content provided on non-
certified channels, which are not displayed in the Roku channel store and must be added manually by the user, on
our streaming platform. If our users spend most of their time within particular channels where we have limited or
no ability to place advertisements or leverage user information, or users opt out from our ability to collect data
for use in providing more relevant advertisements, we may not be able to achieve our expected growth in platform
revenue or gross profit. If we are unable to further monetize our streaming platform, our business may be harmed.

In order to materially increase the monetization of our streaming platform through the sale of video advertising,
we will need our users to stream significantly more ad-supported content. Our efforts to monetize our streaming
platform through ad-supported content are still developing and may not continue to grow as we expect. Further,
while we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, growth in our revenue from advertising, our
efforts to monetize our streaming platform through the distribution of AVOD content are still developing and our
advertising revenue may not grow as we expect. This means of monetization will require us to continue to attract
advertising dollars to our streaming platform as well as deliver AVOD content that appeals to users. Accordingly,
there can be no assurance that we will be successful in monetizing our streaming platform through the distribution
of ad-supported content.

If we are unable to attract advertisers or advertising agencies to our OneView Ad Platform or if we are not
successful in running a demand-side advertising platform, our business may be harmed.*

In May 2020, we launched the OneView Ad Platform, a demand-side platform through which advertisers and advertising
agencies can programmatically purchase and manage their OTT, desktop and mobile advertising campaigns. OneView
leverages the DSP developed by dataxu, which we acquired in November 2019, and the reach, inventory and
capabilities of our proprietary advertising products and services. The market for programmatic OTT ad buying is an
emerging market, and our current and potential advertisers and advertising agencies may not shift to programmatic
ad buying from other buying methods as quickly as we expect or at all. If the market for programmatic ad buying
deteriorates or develops
                                                        40                                                         
more slowly than we expect, our advertisers and advertising agencies may not use OneView or we may not attract
prospective advertisers or advertising agencies to OneView, and our business could be harmed. In addition, we have
limited experience running a DSP and if OneView does not have the functionality or services expected by advertisers
or advertising agencies, we may not be able to attract their advertising spend to OneView or our existing customers
may not maintain or increase their spend on OneView. If we fail to adapt to our rapidly changing industry or to our
customers evolving needs, advertisers and advertising agencies will not adopt OneView and our business may be
harmed. We also may not be able to compete effectively with more established DSPs or be able to adapt to changes or
trends in programmatic advertising, which would harm our ability to grow our advertising revenue and harm our
business.

We depend on a small number of content publishers for a majority of our streaming hours, and if we fail to maintain
these relationships, our business could be harmed.*

Historically, a small number of content publishers have accounted for a significant portion of the hours streamed
on our platform. In the quarter ended September 30, 2020, the top three streaming services represented over 50% of
all hours streamed in the period. If, for any reason, we cease distributing channels that have historically
streamed a large percentage of the aggregate streaming hours on our platform, our streaming hours, active accounts
or streaming device sales may be adversely affected, and our business may be harmed.

Most of our agreements with content publishers are not long term and can be terminated by the content publishers
under certain circumstances. Any disruption in the renewal of such agreements may result in the removal of certain
channels from our streaming platform and may harm our active account growth and engagement.*

We enter into agreements with all our content publishers, which have varying terms and conditions, including
expiration dates. Our agreements with content publishers generally have terms of one to three years and can be
terminated before the end of the term by the content publisher under certain circumstances, such as if we
materially breach the agreement, become insolvent, enter bankruptcy, commit fraud or fail to adhere to the content
publishers’ security or other platform certification requirements. Upon expiration of these agreements, we are
required to re-negotiate and renew them in order to continue providing content from these content publishers on our
streaming platform. We have in the past been unable, and in the future may not be able, to reach a satisfactory
agreement with certain content publishers before our existing agreements have expired. If we are unable to renew
such agreements on a timely basis on mutually agreeable terms, we may be required to temporarily or permanently
remove certain channels from our streaming platform. The loss of such channels from our streaming platform for any
period of time may harm our business. More broadly, if we fail to maintain our relationships with the content
publishers on terms favorable to us, or at all, or if these content publishers face problems in delivering their
content across our platform, we may lose channel partners or users and our business may be harmed.

If popular content is not available on our platform, we may fail to retain existing users and attract new users.

We must continuously maintain existing relationships and identify and establish new relationships with content
publishers to provide popular content. In order to remain competitive, we must consistently meet user demand for
popular streaming channels and content; particularly as we launch new players, new Roku TV models are introduced,
or we enter new markets, including international markets. If we are not successful in helping our content
publishers launch and maintain streaming channels that attract and retain a significant number of users on our
streaming platform or if we are not able to do so in a cost-effective manner, our business will be harmed. Our
ability to successfully help content publishers maintain and expand their channel offerings on a cost-effective
basis largely depends on our ability to:
                                                                                                     
  •  effectively market new streaming channels and enhancements to our existing streaming channels;  
                                                                                                     
                                                                        
  •  minimize launch delays of new and updated streaming channels; and  
                                                                        
                                                                             
  •  minimize streaming platform downtime and other technical difficulties.  
                                                                             
In addition, if service operators, including pay TV providers, refuse to grant our users access to stream certain
channels or only make content available on devices they prefer, our ability to offer a broad selection of popular
streaming channels or content may be limited.

If we fail to help our content publishers maintain and expand their channel offerings or their channels are not
available, our business may be harmed.
                                                        41                                                         
Our growth will depend in part on our ability to develop relationships with TV brands and, to a lesser extent,
service operators.

We developed, and intend to continue to develop, relationships with TV brands and, to a lesser extent, service
operators in both the United States and international markets. Our licensing arrangements are complex and time-
consuming to negotiate and complete. Our current and potential partners include TV brands, cable and satellite
companies and telecommunication providers. Under these license arrangements, we generally have limited control over
the amount and timing of resources these entities dedicate to the relationship. If our TV brand or service operator
partners fail to meet their forecasts for distributing licensed streaming devices, our business may be harmed.

We license the Roku OS and our smart TV hardware reference designs to certain TV brands to manufacture co-branded
smart TVs. The primary economic benefits that we derive from these license arrangements have been and will likely
continue to be indirect, primarily from growing our active accounts and increasing streaming hours on our platform.
We have not received, nor do we expect to receive, significant license revenue from these arrangements in the near
term, but we expect to incur expenses in connection with these commercial agreements. If these arrangements do not
result in increased active accounts or streaming hours, our business may be harmed. The loss of a relationship with
a TV brand or service operator could harm our results of operations, damage our reputation, increase pricing and
promotional pressures from other partners and distribution channels, or increase our marketing costs. If we are not
successful in maintaining existing and creating new relationships with any of these third parties, or if we
encounter technological, content licensing or other impediments to our development of these relationships, our
ability to grow our business could be adversely impacted.

We and our Roku TV brand partners depend on our retail sales channels to effectively market and sell our players
and Roku TV models, and if we or our partners fail to maintain and expand effective retail sales channels, we could
experience lower player or Roku TV sales.*

To continue to increase our active accounts, we must maintain and expand our retail sales channels. The majority of
our players and our TV brand partners' Roku TV models are sold through traditional brick and mortar retailers, such
as Best Buy, Target and Walmart, including their online sales platforms, and online retailers such as Amazon. To a
lesser extent, we sell players directly through our website and internationally through distributors. For the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2020, Amazon, Best Buy and Walmart in total accounted for 65% and 67%,
respectively, of our player segment revenue. These three retailers collectively accounted for 72% and 68% of our
player revenue for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. These retailers and our international
distributors also sell products offered by our competitors. We have no minimum purchase commitments or long-term
contracts with any of these retailers or distributors. If one or several retailers or distributors were to
discontinue selling our players or TV brands' Roku TV models, choose not to prominently display those devices in
their stores or on their websites, or close or severely limit access to their brick and mortar locations because of
shutdowns related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the volume of our streaming devices sold could decrease, which would
harm our business. For example, in April 2018, Amazon and Best Buy announced a partnership whereby two Best Buy
controlled smart TV brands will exclusively utilize Amazon’s operating system, and such TVs will be sold by Best
Buy and Amazon. Although, to date, this arrangement has not limited our TV brand partners’ ability to sell on
either Amazon or at Best Buy, if our existing TV brands choose to work exclusively with, or divert a significant
portion of their business with us to, other operating system developers, this may impact our ability to license the
Roku OS and our smart TV hardware reference design to TV brands and our ability to continue to grow active
accounts. Traditional retailers have limited shelf and end cap space in their stores and limited promotional
budgets, and online retailers have limited prime website product placement space. Competition is intense for these
resources, and a competitor with more extensive product lines and stronger brand identity, such as Amazon or
Google, possesses greater bargaining power with retailers. In addition, one of our online retailers, Amazon, sells
its own competitive streaming devices and is able to market and promote these products more prominently on its
website, and could refuse to offer or promote our devices on its website. Any reduction in our ability to place and
promote our devices, or increased competition for available shelf or website placement, could require us to
increase our marketing expenditures to maintain our product visibility or result in reduced visibility for our
products, which may harm our business. In particular, the availability of product placement during peak retail
periods, such as the holiday season, is critical to our revenue growth, and if we are unable to effectively sell
our devices during these periods, our business would be harmed.

We may be unable to successfully expand our international operations and our international expansion plans, if
implemented, will subject us to a variety of risks that may harm our business.*

We currently generate the vast majority of our revenue in the United States and have limited experience marketing,
selling, licensing and supporting our devices and monetizing our streaming platform outside the United States. In
addition, we have limited experience managing the administrative aspects of a global organization. While we intend
to continue to
                                                        42                                                         
explore opportunities to expand our business in international markets in which we see compelling opportunities, we
may not be able to create or maintain international market demand for our devices and streaming platform.

In the course of expanding our international operations and operating overseas, in addition to the risks we face in
the United States, we will be subject to a variety of risks that could adversely affect our business, including:
                                                                                                                   
     differing regulatory requirements, including country-specific data privacy and security laws and              
     regulations, consumer protection laws and regulations, tax laws, trade laws, labor regulations, tariffs,      
  •  export quotas, custom duties on cross-border movements of goods or data flows, extension of limits on TV      
     advertising minutes to OTT advertising, local content requirements, data localization requirements, or other  
     trade restrictions;                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
     compliance with laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, UK Bribery Act and other anti-corruption      
  •  laws, export controls and economic sanctions, and local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government       
     officials;                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •  compliance with various privacy, data transfer, data protection, accessibility, consumer protection and       
     child protection laws in the EU and other international markets that we operate in;                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                           
  •  slower adoption and acceptance of streaming devices and services in other countries;  
                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
  •  competition with other devices that consumers may use to stream TV or existing local traditional pay TV       
     services and products, including those provided by incumbent pay TV service providers;                        
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •  greater difficulty supporting and localizing our streaming devices and streaming platform, including          
     delivering support and training documentation in languages other than English;                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •  our ability to deliver or provide access to popular streaming channels to users in certain international      
     markets;                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
     different or unique competitive pressures as a result of, among other things, the presence of local consumer  
  •  electronics companies and the greater availability of free content on over-the-air channels in certain        
     countries;                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                              
  •  availability of reliable broadband connectivity and wide area networks in areas targeted for expansion;  
                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
     challenges inherent in efficiently staffing and managing an increased number of employees over large          
  •  geographic distances, including the need to implement appropriate systems, policies, compensation and         
     benefits, and compliance programs;                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •  difficulties in understanding and complying with local laws, regulations and customs in foreign               
     jurisdictions;                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                            
  •  differing legal and court systems, including limited or unfavorable intellectual property protection;  
                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
     unstable political and economic conditions whatever the cause, including pandemics, failure of the United     
     Kingdom and the European Union (“EU”) to reach agreement on an economic arrangement to be implemented         
  •  following the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the EU (commonly referred to as “Brexit”) leading to an        
     abrupt United Kingdom withdrawal, tariffs, trade wars, local or global recessions, or long-term               
     environmental risks;                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •  international political or social unrest or economic instability, including US.-China tensions, and other     
     political tensions between countries in which we do business or which serve as sources for Roku products;     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •  adverse tax consequences such as those related to changes in tax laws or tax rates or their interpretations   
     could impact our judgment in determining our tax provision and effective tax rate;                            
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
     the imposition of customs duties on cross-border data flows for streaming services, which are currently       
     prohibited under the WTO’s e-commerce moratorium, but could be permitted if certain WTO Members continue to   
  •  oppose extension of the moratorium when it is considered at the WTO’s MC-12 Ministerial Meeting, which was    
     originally scheduled for June 2020 but has been postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic and could take place   
     in 2021;                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
     digital services taxes, which have been imposed or are under consideration by several European and other      
  •  countries, which would lead to taxes on certain digital services even though the providers would not be       
     subject to tax under existing international tax rules and treaties;                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
     the COVID-19 pandemic or any other pandemics or epidemics could result in decreased economic activity in      
  •  certain markets, decreased use of our products, or in our decreased ability to import, export, ship, or sell  
     our products to supply such services to existing or new customers in international markets;                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •  fluctuations in currency exchange rates could impact our revenue and expenses of our international            
     operations and expose us to foreign currency exchange rate risk;                                              
                                                                                                                   
                                                                               
  •  restrictions on the repatriation of earnings from certain jurisdictions;  
                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
  •  future possible changes in U.S. regulations on exports of U.S. technologies or dealings with certain          
     countries or parties, including expanding export control restrictions on China and Hong Kong; and             
                                                                                                                   
                                   
  •  working capital constraints.  
                                   
If we invest substantial time and resources to expand our international operations and are unable to do so
successfully and in a timely manner, our business and financial condition may be harmed.
                                                        43                                                         
If we are unable to maintain an adequate supply of quality video ad inventory on our platform or effectively sell
our available video ad inventory, our business may be harmed.*

While The Roku Channel serves as a valuable source of video ad inventory for us to sell, we are also dependent on
our ability to monetize video ad inventory that we obtain from the publishers of ad-supported channels on our
streaming platform. We may fail to attract content publishers that generate a sufficient quantity or quality of ad-
supported content hours on our streaming platform and continue to grow supply of quality video ad inventory. Our
business model depends on our ability to grow video ad inventory on our streaming platform and sell it to
advertisers. Our access to video ad inventory in ad-supported streaming channels on our platform varies greatly
among channels; accordingly, we do not have access to all of the video ad inventory on our platform. For certain
channels, including YouTube’s ad supported channel, we have no access to video ad inventory at this time, and we
may not secure access in the future. The amount, quality and cost of video ad inventory available to us can change
at any time. For instance, a decline in overall advertising budgets caused by the COVID-19 pandemic may have a
negative effect on ad-spend resulting in a lower amount of video ad inventory available to us. If we are unable to
grow and maintain a sufficient supply of quality video advertising inventory at reasonable costs to keep up with
demand, our business may be harmed.

We operate in a highly competitive advertising industry and we compete for revenue from advertising with other
internet streaming platforms and services, as well as traditional media, such as radio, broadcast, cable and
satellite TV, and satellite and internet radio. These competitors offer content and other advertising mediums that
may be more attractive to advertisers than our streaming platform. These competitors are often very large and have
more advertising experience and financial resources than we do, which may adversely affect our ability to compete
for advertisers and may result in lower revenue and gross profit from advertising. If we are unable to increase our
revenue from advertising by, among other things, continuing to improve our platform’s capabilities to further
optimize and measure advertisers’ campaigns, increase our advertising inventory and expand our advertising sales
team and programmatic capabilities, our business and our growth prospects may be harmed. We may not be able to
compete effectively or adapt to any such changes or trends, which would harm our ability to grow our advertising
revenue and harm our business.

Significant disruptions of our information technology systems or data security incidents could harm our reputation,
cause us to modify our business practices and otherwise adversely affect our business and subject us to liability.*

We are increasingly dependent on information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business. In the
ordinary course of our business, we collect, store, process and transmit large amounts of sensitive corporate,
personal and other information, including intellectual property, proprietary business information, user payment
card information, other user information and other confidential information. It is critical that we do so in a
secure manner to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of such information. Our obligations
under applicable laws, regulations, contracts, industry standards, self-certifications, and other documentation may
include maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and availability of personal information in our possession or
control, maintaining reasonable and appropriate security safeguards as part of an information security program, and
limits on the use and/or cross-border transfer of such personal information. These obligations create potential
legal liability, to regulators, our business partners, our users, and other relevant stakeholders and also impact
the attractiveness of our subscription service to existing and potential users.

We have outsourced certain elements of our operations (including elements of our information technology
infrastructure) to third parties, or may have incorporated technology into our platform, that collects, processes,
transmits and stores our users’ or others’ personal information (such as payment card information) and as a result,
we manage a number of third-party vendors who may or could have access to our information technology systems
(including our computer networks) or to our confidential information. In addition, many of those third parties in
turn subcontract or outsource some of their responsibilities to third parties. As a result, our information
technology systems, including the functions of third parties that are involved or have access to those systems, is
very large and complex. While all information technology operations are inherently vulnerable to inadvertent or
intentional security breaches, incidents, attacks and exposures, the size, complexity, accessibility and
distributed nature of our information technology systems, and the large amounts of sensitive or personal
information stored on those systems, make such systems potentially vulnerable to unintentional or malicious,
internal and external threats on our technology environment. Vulnerabilities can be exploited from inadvertent or
intentional actions of our employees, third-party vendors, business partners, or by malicious third parties.
Attacks of this nature are increasing in their frequency, levels of persistence, sophistication and intensity, and
are being conducted by sophisticated and organized groups and individuals with a wide range of motives (including,
but not limited to, industrial espionage) and expertise, including organized criminal groups, “hacktivists,” nation
states and others. For example, despite our efforts to secure our information technology systems and the data
contained in those systems, including any efforts to educate or train our employees, we remain vulnerable to
phishing attacks.
                                                        44                                                         
Although we have, and may in the future, implement remote working protocols and offer work-issued devices to
certain employees, the actions of our employees while working remotely may have a greater effect on the security of
our systems and the personal data we process, including by increasing the risk of compromise to our systems or data
arising from employees’ combined personal and private use of devices, accessing our systems or data using wireless
networks that we do not control, or the ability to transmit or store company-controlled data outside of our secured
network. These risks have been heightened by the dramatic increase in the numbers of our employees who have been
and are continuing to work from home as a result of government guidelines and internal policies that have been put
in place in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
In addition to the threat of unauthorized access or acquisition of sensitive or personal information, other threats
could include the deployment of harmful malware, ransomware attacks, denial-of-service attacks, social engineering
and other means to affect service reliability and threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of
information. Some of these external threats may be amplified by the nature of our third-party web hosting, cloud
computing, or network-dependent streaming services or suppliers. Our systems likely experience directed attacks on
at least a periodic basis that are intended to interrupt our operations; interrupt our users’, content publishers’
and advertisers’ ability to access our platform; extract money from us; and/or obtain our data (including without
limitation user or employee personal information or proprietary information). Although we have implemented certain
systems, processes, and safeguards intended to protect our information technology systems and data from such
threats and mitigate risks to our systems and data, we cannot be certain that threat actors will not have a
material impact on our systems or services in the future. Our safeguards intended to prevent or mitigate certain
threats may not be sufficient to protect our information technology systems and data due to the developing
sophistication and means of attack in the threat landscape. Recent developments in the threat landscape include an
increased number of cyber extortion and ransomware attacks, with increases in the amount of ransom demands and the
sophistication and variety of ransomware techniques and methodology. Additionally, our third-party vendors or
business partners’ information technology systems may be vulnerable to similar threats and our business could be
affected by those or similar third-party relationships.

We maintain insurance policies to cover certain losses relating to our information technology systems. However,
there may be exceptions to our insurance coverage such that our insurance policies may not cover some or all
aspects of a security incident. Even where an incident is covered by our insurance, the insurance limits may not
cover the costs of complete remediation and redress that we may be faced with in the wake of a security incident.
The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds our available insurance coverage, or
results in changes to our insurance policies (including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or
co-insurance requirements), could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, we cannot be sure that our
existing insurance coverage and coverage for errors and omissions will continue to be available on acceptable terms
or that our insurers will not deny coverage as to any future claim. Though it is difficult to determine what harm
may directly result from any specific interruption or breach, any failure to maintain performance, reliability,
security and availability of our network infrastructure to the satisfaction of our users, business partners,
regulators or other relevant stakeholders may harm our reputation and our ability to retain existing users and
attract new users. Because of our prominence in the TV streaming industry, we believe we may be a particularly
attractive target for threat actors. Our platform also incorporates licensed software from third parties, including
open source software, and we may also be vulnerable to attacks that focus on such third-party software. Any
attempts by threat actors to disrupt our platform, our streaming devices, website, computer systems or our mobile
apps, if successful, could harm our business, subject us to liability, be expensive to remedy, cause harm to our
systems and operations and damage our reputation. Efforts to prevent threat actors from entering our computer
systems or exploiting vulnerabilities in our devices are expensive to implement and may not be effective in
detecting or preventing intrusion or vulnerabilities. Such unauthorized access to our data could damage our
reputation and our business and could expose us to the risk of contractual damages, litigation and regulatory fines
and penalties that could harm our business. The risk of harm to our business caused by security incidents may also
increase as we expand our product and service offerings and as we enter into new markets. Implementing,
maintaining, and updating security safeguards requires substantial resources now and will likely be an increasing
and substantial cost in the future.

Significant disruptions of our third-party vendors’ and/or commercial partners’ information technology systems or
other similar data security incidents could adversely affect our business operations and/or result in the loss,
misappropriation, and/or unauthorized access, use or disclosure of, or the prevention of access to, sensitive or
personal information, which could harm our business. In addition, information technology system disruptions,
whether from attacks on our technology environment or from computer viruses, natural disasters, terrorism, war and
telecommunication and electrical failures, could result in a material disruption of our product development and our
business operations.

There is no way of knowing with certainty whether we have experienced any data security incidents that have not
been discovered. While we have no reason to believe that we have experienced a data security incident that we have
not discovered, attackers have become very sophisticated in the way they conceal their unauthorized access to
systems, and many
                                                        45                                                         
companies that have been attacked are not aware that they have been attacked. Any event that leads to unauthorized
access, use or disclosure of personal information, including but not limited to personal information regarding our
users, could disrupt our business, harm our reputation, compel us to comply with applicable federal and/or state
breach notification laws and foreign law equivalents, subject us to time consuming, distracting and expensive
litigation, regulatory investigation and oversight, mandatory corrective action, require us to verify the
correctness of database contents, or otherwise subject us to liability under laws, regulations and contractual
obligations, including those that protect the privacy and security of personal information. This could result in
increased costs to us and result in significant legal and financial exposure and/or reputational harm. For example,
in the wake of a data breach involving payment card data, we may be subject to substantial penalties and related
enforcement for failure to adhere to the technical or operational security requirements of the Payment Card
Industry (“PCI”) Data Security Standards (“DSS”) imposed by the PCI Council to protect cardholder data. Penalties
arising from PCI DSS enforcement are inherently uncertain as penalties may be imposed by various entities within
the payment card processing chain without regard to any statutory or universally mandated framework. Such
enforcement could threaten our relationship with our banks, card brands we do business with, and our third-party
payment processors.

In addition, any actual or perceived failure by us or our vendors or business partners to comply with our privacy,
confidentiality or data security-related legal or other obligations to third parties, or any further security
incidents or other unauthorized access events that result in the unauthorized access, release or transfer of
sensitive information, which could include personal information, may result in governmental investigations,
enforcement actions, regulatory fines, litigation, or public statements against us by advocacy groups or others,
and could cause third parties, including current and potential partners, to lose trust in us including existing or
potential users’ perceiving our platform, system or networks as less desirable or we could be subject to claims by
third parties that we have breached our privacy- or confidentiality-related obligations, which could materially and
adversely affect our business and prospects. There can be no assurance that the limitations of liability in our
contracts would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from liabilities or damages. Moreover,
data security incidents and other inappropriate access can be difficult to detect, and any delay in identifying
them may lead to increased harm of the type described above. While we have implemented security measures intended
to protect our information technology systems and infrastructure, as well as the personal and proprietary
information that we possess or control, there can be no assurance that such measures will successfully prevent
service interruptions or further security incidents. Data protection laws around the world often require
“reasonable”, “appropriate” or “adequate” technical and organizational security measures, and the interpretation
and application of those laws are often uncertain and evolving, and there can be no assurance that our security
measures will be deemed adequate, appropriate or reasonable by a regulator or court. Moreover, even security
measures that are deemed appropriate, reasonable, and/or in accordance with applicable legal requirements may not
be able to protect the information we maintain. In addition to potential fines, we could be subject to mandatory
corrective action due to a data security incident, which could adversely affect our business operations and result
in substantial costs for years to come.

Our actual or perceived failure to adequately protect personal data and confidential information that we (or our
service providers or business partners) collect, store or process could trigger contractual and legal obligations,
harm our reputation, subject us to liability and otherwise adversely affect our business including our financial
results.*

In the ordinary course of our business, we collect, store and process personal data (including payment card
information) and/or other confidential information of our employees, our partners, and our users. We use third-
party service providers and subprocessors to help us deliver our services. These vendors may store or process
personal information, payment card information and/or other confidential information of our employees, our
partners, or our users. We collect such information from individuals located both in the United States and abroad
and may store or process such information outside the country in which it was collected.

A variety of state, national, and foreign laws and regulations apply to the collection, use, retention, protection,
disclosure, security, transfer, cross-border transfer, localization, and other processing of personal data. These
privacy and data protection-related laws and regulations are evolving, with new or modified laws and regulations
proposed and implemented frequently and existing laws and regulations subject to new or different interpretations.
In addition, each state and the District of Columbia, Guam, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, EU member states,
and the United Kingdom, as well as some other foreign nations, have passed laws requiring notification to
regulatory authorities, to affected users, and/or others within a specific timeframe when there has been a security
breach involving certain personal data as well as impose additional obligations for companies. Additionally, our
agreements with certain users or partners may require us to notify them in the event of a security breach. Such
statutory and contractual disclosures are costly, could lead to negative publicity, may cause our customers to lose
confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures and require us to expend significant capital and other
resources to respond to and/or alleviate problems caused by the actual or perceived security breach. Compliance
with these obligations could delay or impede the development of new products and may cause reputational harm.
                                                        46                                                         
Litigation resulting from security breaches may adversely affect our business. Unauthorized access to our platform,
systems, networks, or physical facilities could result in litigation with our users, or other relevant
stakeholders. These proceedings could force us to spend money in defense or settlement, divert management’s time
and attention, increase our costs of doing business, or adversely affect our reputation. We could be required to
fundamentally change our business activities and practices or modify our products and/or platform capabilities in
response to such litigation, which could have an adverse effect on our business.Any actual or perceived inability
to adequately protect the privacy of individuals’ information in our possession, custody or control may render our
products or services less desirable and could harm our reputation and business. Any costs incurred as a result of
this potential liability could harm our business.

We and our third-party contractors collect, process, transmit and store the personal information of our users,
which creates legal obligations and exposes us to potential liability.*

We collect, process, transmit and store information about a variety of individuals including our users and their
devices, and rely on service providers to collect, process, transmit and store personal information of our users,
including our users’ payment card data. Further, we and our service providers as well as business partners use
tracking technologies, including cookies, device identifiers and related technologies, to help us manage and track
our users’ interactions with our platform, devices, website and partners’ content to deliver relevant advertising
and personalized content for ourselves and on behalf of our partners on our devices.

We collect information about the interaction of users with our platform, devices, website, advertisements, and
content publishers’ streaming channels. To deliver relevant advertisements effectively, we must successfully
leverage this data as well as data provided by third parties. Our ability to collect and use such data could be
restricted by a number of factors, including users’ having the ability to refuse consent to or opt out from our,
our service providers or our advertising partners’ collection and use of this data, restrictions imposed by
advertisers, content publishers and service providers, changes in technology, and developments in laws, regulations
and industry standards. For example, certain EU laws and regulations prohibit access to or storage of information
on a user’s device (such as cookies and similar technologies that we use for advertising) that is not “strictly
necessary” to provide a user-requested service or used for the “sole purpose” of a transmission unless the user has
provided unambiguous, affirmative consent, and users may choose not to provide this consent to collection of
information which is used for advertising purposes. Any restrictions on our ability to collect or use data could
harm our ability to grow our revenue, particularly our platform revenue which depends on engaging the relevant
recipients of advertising campaigns.

Various federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations as well as industry standards and contractual obligations
govern the collection, use, retention, cross-border transfer, localization, sharing and security of the data we
receive from and about our users, employees and other individuals. The regulatory environment for the collection
and use of personal data by device manufacturers, online service providers, content distributors, advertisers and
publishers is evolving in the United States and internationally. Privacy groups and government bodies, including
the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”), state attorneys general, the European Commission and European data protection
authorities, have increasingly scrutinized privacy issues with respect to devices that identify or are identifiable
to a person (or household or device) and personal data collected through the internet, and we expect such scrutiny
to continue to increase. The United States and foreign governments have enacted and are considering laws and
regulations that could significantly restrict industry participants’ ability to collect, use and share personal
data, such as by regulating the level of consumer notice and consent required before a company can place cookies or
other tracking technologies. For example, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) became effective in
May 2018 and imposes detailed requirements related to the collection, storage and use of personal data related to
people located in the EU or which is processed in the context of EU operations and places new data protection
obligations and restrictions on organizations and may require us to make further changes to our policies and
procedures in the future beyond what we have already done.

Further, in the wake of Brexit, there has been uncertainty with regard to the regulation of data protection in the
United Kingdom. Although the United Kingdom enacted a Data Protection Act in May 2018, a level of uncertainty
remains regarding how data transfers to and from the United Kingdom will be regulated after Brexit. We made changes
to our data protection compliance program to prepare for the GDPR and will continue to monitor the implementation
and evolution of data protection regulations, but if we are not compliant with GDPR or other data protection laws
or regulations if and when implemented, we may be subject to significant fines and penalties (such as restrictions
on personal data processing) and our business may be harmed. For example, under the GDPR, fines of up to EUR 20
million or 4% of the annual global revenue of a noncompliant company, whichever is greater, as well as data
processing restrictions could be imposed for violation of certain of the GDPR’s requirements. Other countries have
also proposed or passed legislation with personal data obligations similar to that of the GDPR.
                                                        47                                                         
The U.S. data protection legal landscape also continues to evolve, with California and Nevada having enacted broad-
based data privacy and protection legislation and with states and the federal government continuing to consider
additional data privacy and protection legislation. The potential effects of this legislation are far-reaching and
may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in
an effort to comply. Effective October 1, 2019, Nevada amended its existing Security of Personal Information Law
(“SPI Law”) to now require, among other things, that certain businesses provide a designated request address to
intake requests from consumers to opt out of the sale of their personal data. The California Consumer Privacy Act
(“CCPA”) went into effect in January 2020 and gives California residents certain rights with respect to their
personal information such as rights to access and require deletion of their personal information, opt out of the
sale of their personal information, and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used.
The CCPA also provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches
that may increase data breach litigation. The CCPA was amended and the California Office of the Attorney General
published final regulations to implement portions of the CCPA.

Data protection laws continue to proliferate throughout the world and such laws likely apply to our business. For
example, Brazil’s General Data Protection Law (“LGPD”) came into effect on August 15, 2020. The LGPD bears many
substantive similarities to the GDPR such as extra-territorial reach, enhanced privacy rights for individuals, data
transfer restrictions and mandatory breach notification obligations. It carries penalties of up to 2% of a
company’s Brazilian revenue.

We are continuing to assess the impact of new and proposed data privacy and protection laws and proposed amendments
to existing laws on our business.

Applicable data privacy and security laws may also obligate us to employ security measures that are appropriate to
the nature of the data we collect and process and, among other factors, the risks attendant to our data processing
activities in order to protect personal information from unauthorized access or disclosure, or accidental or
unlawful destruction, loss, or alteration. We have implemented security measures that we believe are appropriate,
but a regulator could deem our security measures not to be appropriate given the lack of prescriptive measures in
certain data protection laws. Given the evolving nature of security threats and evolving safeguards, we cannot be
sure that our chosen safeguards will protect against security threats to our business including the personal data
that we process. However, even security measures that are appropriate, reasonable, and/or in accordance with
applicable legal requirements may not be able to fully protect our information technology systems and the data
contained in those systems, or our data that is contained in third parties’ systems. Moreover, certain data
protection laws impose on us responsibility for our employees and third parties that assist with aspects of our
data processing. Our employees’ or third parties’ intentional, unintentional, or inadvertent actions may increase
our vulnerability or expose us to security threats, such as phishing attacks, and we may remain responsible for
successful access, acquisition or other disclosure of our data despite the quality and legal sufficiency of our
security measures.

As part of our data protection compliance program, we have implemented data transfer mechanisms to provide for the
transfer of personal data from the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) to the United States. However, there are
certain unsettled legal issues regarding the adequacy of these data transfer mechanisms, the resolution of which
may adversely affect our ability to transfer personal data from the EEA to the United States. On July 16, 2020, the
European Court of Justice (the highest EU Court) ruled the EU-US Privacy Shield to be an invalid data transfer
mechanism, confirmed that the Model Clauses remain valid, and left unaddressed some issues regarding supplementary
measures that may need to be taken to support transfers. We are currently awaiting regulatory guidance from EU Data
Protection Authorities and the US Department of Commerce on the impact of this ruling on broader international data
transfer compliance for companies, including guidance on specific supplementary measures that all companies would
be required to implement in addition to the Model Clauses. This may involve changes that require significant time
and resources to implement, including through adjusting our operations, conducting requisite data transfer
assessments, and revising our contracts. Our ability to continue to transfer personal data outside of the EU may
become significantly more costly and may subject us to increased scrutiny and liability under the GDPR, and we may
experience operating disruptions if we are unable to conduct these transfers in the future. In addition, cloud
service providers upon which our services depend are experiencing heightened scrutiny from EU regulators, which may
lead to significant shifts or unavailability of cloud services to transfer personal data outside the EU, which may
significantly impact our costs or ability to operate.

We will continue to review our business practices and may find it necessary or desirable to make changes to our
personal data processing to cause our transfer and receipt of EEA residents’ personal data to conform to applicable
European law. The regulation of data privacy in the EU continues to evolve, and it is not possible to predict the
ultimate effect of evolving data protection regulation and implementation over time. Member states also have some
flexibility to supplement the GDPR with their own laws and regulations and may apply stricter requirements for
certain data processing activities.
                                                        48                                                         
In addition, some countries are considering or have enacted ‘data localization’ laws requiring that user data
regarding users in their country be maintained in their country. Maintaining local data centers in individual
countries could increase our operating costs significantly. We expect that, in addition to the business as usual
costs of compliance, the evolving regulatory interpretation and enforcement of laws such as the GDPR and CCPA and
other domestic and foreign data protection laws will lead to increased operational and compliance costs and will
require us to continually monitor and, where necessary, make changes to our operations, policies, and procedures.
Any failure or perceived failure to comply with privacy-related legal obligations, or any compromise of security of
user data, may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation, contractual indemnity or public statements
against us by consumer advocacy groups or others. In addition to potential liability, these events could harm our
business.

We publish privacy policies, notices and other documentation regarding our collection, processing, use and
disclosure of personal information, credit card information and/or other confidential information. Although we
endeavor to comply with our published policies, certifications, and documentation, we may at times fail to do so or
may be perceived to have failed to do so. Moreover, despite our efforts, we may not be successful in achieving
compliance if our employees or vendors fail to comply with our published policies, certifications, and
documentation. Such failures can subject us to potential international, local, state and federal action if they are
found to be deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our actual practices.

We have incurred, and will continue to incur, expenses to comply with privacy and security standards and protocols
imposed by law, regulation, industry standards and contractual obligations. Increased regulation of data
collection, use and security practices, including self-regulation and industry standards, changes in existing laws,
enactment of new laws, increased enforcement activity, and changes in interpretation of laws, could increase our
cost of compliance and operation, limit our ability to grow our business or otherwise harm our business.

If government regulations or laws relating to the internet, video, advertising, or other areas of our business
change, we may need to alter the manner in which we conduct our business, or our business could be harmed.*

We are subject to general business regulations and laws, as well as regulations and laws specific to the internet
and online services, which may include laws and regulations related to data privacy and security, consumer
protection, data localization, law enforcement access to data, encryption, telecommunications, social media,
payment processing, taxation, intellectual property, competition, electronic contracts, internet access, net
neutrality, advertising, calling and texting, content restrictions, protection of children and accessibility, among
others. We cannot guarantee that we have been or will be fully compliant in every jurisdiction. Litigation and
regulatory proceedings are inherently uncertain, and the laws and regulations governing issues such as data privacy
and security, payment processing, taxation, net neutrality, video, telecommunications, e-commerce tariffs and
consumer protection related to the internet continue to develop. For example, laws relating to the liability of
providers of online services for activities of their users and other third parties have been tested by a number of
claims, including actions based on invasion of privacy and other torts, unfair competition, copyright and trademark
infringement, and other theories based on the nature and content of the materials searched, the advertisements
posted, actions taken or not taken by providers in response to user activity or the content provided by users.
Congress has also enacted legislation related to liability of providers of online services and may continue to
legislate in this area. The CCPA and Nevada SPI Law also apply to entities that do business in California and
Nevada, respectively, and impose a number of requirements on internet and online services. Moreover, as internet
commerce and advertising continue to evolve, increasing regulation by federal, state and foreign regulatory
authorities becomes more likely.

As we develop new services and devices, and improve our streaming platform, we may also be subject to new laws and
regulations specific to such technologies. For example, in developing our Roku TV reference design, we were
required to understand, address and comply with an evolving regulatory framework for developing, manufacturing,
marketing and selling TVs. If we fail to adequately address or comply with such regulations regarding the
manufacture and sale of TVs, we may be subject to fines or sanctions, and our licensees may be unable to sell Roku
TV models at all, which would harm our business and our ability to grow our user base.

Laws relating to data privacy and security, data localization, law enforcement access to data, encryption, and
similar activities continue to proliferate, often with little harmonization between jurisdictions and limited
guidance. A number of existing bills are pending in the U.S. Congress and other government bodies that contain
provisions that would regulate, for example, how companies can use cookies and other tracking technologies to
collect, use and share user information. The CCPA also imposes requirements on certain tracking activity, and we
are continuing to assess the impact of the CCPA and proposed amendments to the law on our business. The EU already
has existing laws, which are due for update in 2020, requiring advertisers or companies like ours to, for example,
obtain unambiguous, affirmative consent from users for the placement of cookies or other tracking technologies and
the delivery of relevant advertisements. If we or the third parties that
                                                        49                                                         
we work with, such as contract payment processing services, content publishers, vendors or developers violate or
are alleged to violate applicable privacy or security laws, industry standards, our contractual obligations, or our
policies, such violations and alleged violations may also put our users’ information at risk and could in turn harm
our business and reputation and subject us to potential liability. Any of these consequences could cause our users,
advertisers or publishers to lose trust in us, which could harm our business. Furthermore, any failure on our part
to comply with these laws may subject us to liability and reputational harm.

Our use of data to deliver relevant advertising and other services on our platform places us and our content
publishers at risk for claims under various unsettled laws, including the Video Privacy Protection Act (“VPPA”).
Some of our content publishers have been engaged in litigation over alleged violations of the VPPA relating to
activities on our platform in connection with advertising provided by unrelated third parties. The Federal Trade
Commission has also in recent years revised its rules implementing the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
(“COPPA Rules”) broadening the applicability of the COPPA Rules, including the types of information that are
subject to these regulations, and it is currently examining whether additional changes are appropriate. Such
actions could limit the information that we or our content publishers and advertisers may collect and use through
certain content publishers, the content of advertisements and in relation to certain channel partner content. The
CCPA also imposes certain opt in and opt out requirements for certain information about minors. We and our content
publishers and advertisers could be at risk for violation or alleged violation of these and other privacy,
advertising, or similar laws.

Any significant disruption in our computer systems or those of third parties we utilize in our operations could
result in a loss or degradation of service on our platform and could harm our business.

We rely on the expertise of our engineering and software development teams for the performance and operation of the
Roku OS, streaming platform and computer systems. Service interruptions, errors in our software or the
unavailability of computer systems used in our operations could diminish the overall attractiveness of our devices
and streaming platform to existing and potential users. We utilize computer systems located either in our
facilities or those of third-party server hosting providers and third-party internet-based or cloud computing
services. Although we generally enter into service level agreements with these parties, we exercise no control over
their operations, which makes us vulnerable to any errors, interruptions or delays that they may experience. In the
future, we may transition additional features of our services from our managed hosting systems to cloud computing
services, which may require significant expenditures and engineering resources. If we are unable to manage a
transition effectively, we may experience operational delays and inefficiencies until the transition is complete.
Upon the expiration or termination of any of our agreements with third-party vendors, we may not be able to replace
their services in a timely manner or on terms and conditions, including service levels and cost, that are favorable
to us, and a transition from one vendor to another vendor could subject us to operational delays and inefficiencies
until the transition is complete. In addition, fires, floods, earthquakes, power losses, telecommunications
failures, break-ins and similar events could damage these systems and hardware or cause them to fail completely. As
we do not maintain entirely redundant systems, a disrupting event could result in prolonged downtime of our
operations and could adversely affect our business. Any disruption in the services provided by these vendors could
have adverse impacts on our business reputation, customer relations and operating results.

If any aspect of our computer systems or those of third parties we utilize in our operations fails, it may lead to
downtime or slow processing time, either of which may harm the experience of users. We have experienced, and may in
the future experience, service disruptions, outages and other performance problems due to a variety of factors,
including infrastructure changes, human or software errors and capacity constraints. We expect to continue to
invest in our technology infrastructure to maintain and improve the user experience and platform performance. To
the extent that we or our third-party service hosting provider do not effectively address capacity constraints,
upgrade or patch systems as needed and continually develop technology and network architecture to accommodate
increasingly complex services and functions, increasing numbers of users, and actual and anticipated changes in
technology, our business may be harmed.

Our players and Roku TV models must operate with various offerings, technologies and systems from our content
publishers that we do not control. If our streaming devices do not operate effectively with those offerings,
technologies and systems, our business may be harmed.

The Roku OS is designed for performance using relatively low-cost hardware, which enables us to drive user growth
with our players and Roku TV models offered at a low cost to consumers. However, this hardware must be
interoperable with all channels and other offerings, technologies and systems from our content publishers,
including virtual multi-channel video programming distributors. We have no control over these offerings,
technologies and systems beyond our channel certification requirements, and if our players and Roku TV models do
not provide our users with a high-quality experience on those offerings on a cost-effective basis or if changes are
made to those offerings that are not compatible with our players or Roku TV models, we may be unable to increase
active account growth and user engagement, we may be required to increase
                                                        50                                                         
our hardware costs and our business will be harmed. We plan to continue to introduce new products regularly and we
have experienced that it takes time to optimize such products to function well with these offerings, technologies
and systems. In addition, many of our largest content publishers have the right to test and certify our new
products before we can publish their channels on these devices. The certification processes can be time consuming
and introduce third-party dependencies into our product release cycles. If content publishers do not certify new
products on a timely basis or require us to make changes in order to obtain certifications, our product release
plans may be adversely impacted, or we may not continue to offer certain channels. To continue to grow our active
accounts and user engagement, we will need to prioritize development of our streaming devices to work better with
new offerings, technologies and systems. If we are unable to maintain consistent operability of our devices that is
on parity with or better than other platforms, our business could be harmed. In addition, any future changes to
offerings, technologies and systems from our content publishers, such as virtual service operators, may impact the
accessibility, speed, functionality, and other performance aspects of our streaming devices. We may not
successfully develop streaming devices that operate effectively with these offerings, technologies or systems. If
it becomes more difficult for our users to access and use these offerings, technologies or systems, our business
could be harmed.

If our content publishers do not continue to develop channels for our platform and participate in new features that
we may introduce from time to time, our business may be harmed.

As our streaming platform and products evolve, we will continue to introduce new features, which may or may not be
attractive to our content publishers or meet their requirements. For example, some content publishers have elected
not to participate in our cross-channel search feature, our integrated advertising framework, or have imposed
limits on our data gathering for usage within their channels. In addition, our streaming platform utilizes our
proprietary Brightscript scripting language in order to allow our content publishers to develop and create channels
on our streaming platform. If we introduce new features or utilize a new scripting language in the future, such a
change may not comply with our content publishers' certification requirements. In addition, our content publishers
may find other languages, such as HTML5, more attractive to develop for and shift their resources to developing
their channels on other platforms. If content publishers do not find our streaming platform simple and attractive
to develop channels for, do not value and participate in all of the features and functionality that our streaming
platform offers, or determine that our software developer kit or new features of our platform do not meet their
certification requirements, our business may be harmed.

If the advertising and audience development campaigns and other promotional advertising on our platform are not
relevant or not engaging to our users, our growth in active accounts and streaming hours may be adversely
impacted.*

We have made, and are continuing to make, investments to enable advertisers and content publishers to deliver
relevant advertisement, audience development campaigns and other promotional advertising to our users. Existing and
prospective advertisers and content publishers may not be successful in serving ads and audience development
campaigns and sponsoring other promotional advertising that lead to and maintain user engagement. Those ads and
campaigns may seem irrelevant, repetitive or overly targeted and intrusive. We are continuously seeking to balance
the objectives of our advertisers and content publishers with our desire to provide an optimal user experience, but
we may not be successful in achieving a balance that continues to attract and retain users, advertisers and content
publishers. If we do not introduce relevant advertisers, audience development campaigns and other promotional
adverting or such advertisements, audience development campaigns and other promotional advertising are overly
intrusive and impede the use of our streaming platform, our users may stop using our platform which will harm our
business.

The Roku Channel may not continue to attract a large number of users and/or generate significant revenue from
advertising, and our users may not purchase Premium Subscriptions.

We operate The Roku Channel, which offers both ad-supported free access for users to a collection of films,
television series and other content as well as Premium Subscriptions, which we launched in January 2019, allowing
our users to pay for ad-free content from various content publishers, all on one streaming channel. We have
incurred, and will continue to incur, costs and expenses in connection with the development, expansion and
operation of The Roku Channel, which we monetize primarily through advertising. If our users do not continue to
stream the free, ad-supported content we make available on The Roku Channel, we will not have the opportunity to
monetize The Roku Channel through revenue generated from advertising. In order to attract users to the ad-supported
content on The Roku Channel and drive streaming of ad-supported video on The Roku Channel, we must secure rights to
stream content that is appealing to our users and advertisers. In part, we do this by directly licensing certain
content from content owners, such as television and movie studios. The agreements that we enter into with these
content owners have varying terms and provide us with rights to make specific content available through The Roku
Channel during certain periods of time. Upon expiration of these agreements, we are required to re-negotiate and
renew these agreements with the content owners, or enter into new agreements with other content owners, in order to
obtain rights to distribute additional titles or to extend the duration of the rights previously granted. If we are
unable to enter into content license agreements on acceptable terms to access content that enables us to attract
and retain
                                                        51                                                         
users of the ad-supported content on The Roku Channel, usage of The Roku Channel may decline, and our business may
be harmed. Furthermore, if the advertisements on The Roku Channel are not relevant to our users or such
advertisements are overly intrusive and impede our users’ enjoyment of the available content, our users may not
stream content and view advertisements on The Roku Channel, and The Roku Channel may not generate sufficient
revenue from advertising to be cost effective for us to operate, regardless of our ability to sell Premium
Subscriptions. In addition, we distribute The Roku Channel on platforms other than our own streaming platform, and
there can be no assurance that we will be successful in attracting a large number of users and/or generating
significant revenue from advertising through the distribution of The Roku Channel on such other streaming
platforms.

If our users sign up for offerings and services outside of our platform or through other channels on our platform,
our business may be harmed.

We earn revenue by acquiring subscribers for certain of our content publishers activated on or through our
platform. If users do not use our platform for these purchases or subscriptions for any reason, and instead pay for
services directly with content publishers or by other means that we do not receive attribution for, our business
may be harmed. In addition, certain channels available on our platform allow users to purchase additional streaming
services from within their channels. The revenue we earn from these transactions is generally not equivalent to the
revenue we earn from activations on or through our platform that we receive full attribution credit for.
Furthermore, for Premium Subscriptions, we only earn revenue for SVOD channels, including subscriptions to these
services through The Roku Channel. Accordingly, if users activate subscriptions for SVOD channels, including
channels available as Premium Subscriptions through The Roku Channel other than on our platform, our business may
be harmed.

Our revenue and gross profit are subject to seasonality and if our sales during the holiday season fall below our
expectations, our business may be harmed.*

Seasonal consumer shopping patterns significantly affect our business. Specifically, our revenue and gross profit
are traditionally strongest in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and represent a high percentage of the total
net revenue for such fiscal year due to higher consumer purchases and increased advertising during holiday seasons.
Furthermore, a significant percentage of our player sales through retailers in the fourth quarter are pursuant to
committed sales agreements with retailers for which we recognize significant discounts in the average selling
prices in the third quarter in an effort to grow our active accounts, which will reduce our player gross margin.

Given the seasonal nature of advertising and our device sales, accurate forecasting is critical to our operations.
We anticipate that this seasonal impact on revenue and gross profit is likely to continue, and any shortfall in
expected fourth quarter revenue due to a decline in the effectiveness of our promotional activities, actions by our
competitors, disruptions in our supply or distribution chain, tariffs or other restrictions on trade, or for any
other reason, would cause our full year results of operations to suffer significantly. For example, delays or
disruptions at U.S. ports of entry could adversely affect our or our distributors’ ability to timely deliver
players and co-branded Roku TV models to retailers during the holiday season. Our fourth quarter 2020 revenue could
also be adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic or macroeconomic conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic,
including disruptions, decreased advertising spend during the holiday season and changes to historical consumer
behavior and spending patterns during the holiday season. A substantial portion of our expenses are personnel
related, including salaries, stock-based compensation and benefits, and facilities related none of which are
seasonal in nature. Accordingly, in the event of a revenue shortfall, we would be unable to mitigate the negative
impact on gross profit and operating margins, at least in the short term, and our business would be harmed.

Changes in consumer viewing habits could harm our business.

The manner in which consumers access streaming content is changing rapidly. As the technological infrastructure for
internet access continues to improve and evolve, consumers will be presented with more opportunities to access
video, music and games on-demand with interactive capabilities. Time spent on mobile devices is growing rapidly, in
particular by young adults streaming content as well as content from cable or satellite providers available live or
on-demand on mobile devices. In addition, personal computers, smart TVs, DVD players, Blu-ray players, gaming
consoles and cable set-top boxes allow users to access streaming content. If other streaming or technology
providers are able to respond and take advantage of changes in consumer viewing habits and technologies better than
us, our business could be harmed.

New entrants may enter the TV streaming market with unique service offerings or approaches to providing video. In
addition, our competitors may enter into business combinations or alliances that strengthen their competitive
positions. If new technologies render the TV streaming market obsolete or we are unable to successfully compete
with current and new competitors and technologies, our business will be harmed.
                                                        52                                                         
If our efforts to build a strong brand and maintain customer satisfaction and loyalty are not successful, we may
not be able to attract or retain users, and our business may be harmed.

Building and maintaining a strong brand is important to attract and retain users, as potential users have a number
of TV streaming choices. Successfully building a brand is a time consuming and comprehensive endeavor and can be
positively and negatively impacted by any number of factors. Certain factors, such as the quality or pricing of our
players or our customer service, are within our control. Other factors, such as the quality and reliability of Roku
TV models and the quality of the content that our content publishers provide, may be out of our control, yet users
may nonetheless attribute those factors to us. Our competitors may be able to achieve and maintain brand awareness
and market share more quickly and effectively than we can. Many of our competitors are larger companies and promote
their brands through traditional forms of advertising, such as print media and TV commercials, and have substantial
resources to devote to such efforts. Our competitors may also have greater resources to utilize digital advertising
or website product placement more effectively than we can. If we are unable to execute on building a strong brand,
it may be difficult to differentiate our business and streaming platform from our competitors in the marketplace,
therefore our ability to attract and retain users may be adversely affected and our business may be harmed.

Our streaming platform allows our users to choose from thousands of channels, representing a variety of content
from a wide range of content publishers. Our users can choose and control which channels they download and watch,
and they can use certain settings to prevent channels from being downloaded to our streaming devices. While we have
policies that prohibit the publication of content that is unlawful, incites illegal activities or violates third-
party rights, among other things, we may distribute channels that include controversial content. Controversies
related to the content included on certain of the channels that we distribute could result in negative publicity,
cause harm to our reputation and brand, or subject us to claims and may harm our business.

We must successfully manage streaming device and other product introductions and transitions to remain
competitive.*

We must continually develop new and improved streaming devices and other products that meet changing consumer
demands. Moreover, the introduction of a new streaming device or other product is a complex task, involving
significant expenditures in research and development, promotion and sales channel development. For example, in
2018, we introduced our Roku TV Wireless Speakers, designed specifically for use with Roku TV models, and in 2019
we introduced our Roku Smart Soundbar and Roku Wireless Subwoofer. Whether users will broadly adopt new streaming
devices or other products is not certain. Our future success will depend on our ability to develop new and
competitively priced streaming devices and other products and add new desirable content and features to our
streaming platform. Moreover, we must introduce new streaming devices and other products in a timely and cost-
effective manner, and we must secure production orders for those products from our contract manufacturer. The
development of new streaming devices and other products is a highly complex process, and while our research and
development efforts are aimed at solving increasingly complex problems, we do not expect that all of our projects
will be successful. The successful development and introduction of new streaming devices and products depends on a
number of factors, including:
                                                                                         
  •  the accuracy of our forecasts for market requirements beyond near term visibility;  
                                                                                         
                                                                                            
  •  our ability to anticipate and react to new technologies and evolving consumer trends;  
                                                                                            
                                                                     
  •  our development, licensing or acquisition of new technologies;  
                                                                     
                                                            
  •  our timely completion of new designs and development;  
                                                            
                                                                                                 
  •  the ability of our contract manufacturer to cost-effectively manufacture our new products;  
                                                                                                 
                                                                              
  •  the availability of materials and key components used in manufacturing;  
                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
     tariffs and trade and export restrictions by the U.S. or foreign governments which could impact the pricing   
  •  of such devices and depress consumer demand; limit the ability of our contract manufacturers to obtain key    
     parts, components, software, and technologies; lead to shortages; and                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                        
  •  our ability to attract and retain world-class research and development personnel.  
                                                                                        
If any of these or other factors materializes, we may not be able to develop and introduce new products in a timely
or cost-effective manner, and our business may be harmed.

We do not have manufacturing capabilities and primarily depend upon one contract manufacturer, and our operations
could be disrupted if we encounter problems with our contract manufacturer.*

We do not have any internal manufacturing capabilities and rely on one contract manufacturer to build our players,
smart soundbars, wireless subwoofers and our wireless speakers. Our contract manufacturer is vulnerable to:
                                                        53                                                         
                            
  •  capacity constraints,  
                            
                                      
  •  reduced component availability,  
                                      
                                                                                                                   
     production disruptions or delays, including from strikes, mechanical issues, quality control issues, natural  
  •  disasters, and public health crises, such as the pandemic caused by the outbreak of the coronavirus, known    
     as COVID-19; and                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •  the impact of U.S. or foreign tariffs or trade restrictions on components, finished goods, software, or       
     other products;                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                               
  •  increases in U.S. tariffs on imports of our players; and  
                                                               
                                                                                                                   
  •  foreign tariffs on U.S. parts or components for finished players or other Roku products that are assembled    
     in Asia.                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
As a result, we have limited control over delivery schedules, manufacturing yields and costs, particularly when
components are in short supply or when we introduce new streaming devices or other products. For example, during
the quarter ended March 31, 2020, our contract manufacturer experienced extended factory closures related to the
spread of COVID-19 resulting in supply chain disruptions for our players and elevated air freight costs to meet
demand.

We also have limited control over our contract manufacturer’s quality systems and controls, and therefore must rely
on it to manufacture our players and other products to our quality and performance standards and specifications.
Delays, component shortages and other manufacturing and supply problems could impair the retail distribution of our
players and other products and ultimately our brand. Furthermore, any adverse change in our contract manufacturer’s
financial or business condition could disrupt our ability to supply our players or other products to our retailers
and distributors.

Our contracts with our contract manufacturer generally do not obligate it to supply our players or other products
in any specific quantity or at any specific price. In the event our contract manufacturer is unable to fulfill our
production requirements in a timely manner, their costs increase because of U.S. or international tariffs, or they
decide to terminate their relationship with us, our order fulfillment may be delayed, and we would have to
identify, select and qualify acceptable alternative contract manufacturers. Alternative contract manufacturers may
not be available to us when needed or may not be in a position to satisfy our production requirements at
commercially reasonable prices, to our quality and performance standards or at all. Any significant interruption in
manufacturing at our contract manufacturer for any reason could require us to reduce our supply of players or other
products to our retailers and distributors, which in turn would reduce our revenue, or to incur higher freight
costs than anticipated, which would negatively impact our player gross margin. In addition, our contract
manufacturer’s facilities are located in South East Asia and the People’s Republic of China and may be subject to
political, economic, labor, trade, social and legal uncertainties that may harm or disrupt our relationships with
these parties. We believe that the international location of these facilities increases supply risk, including the
risk of supply interruptions, tariffs, and trade restrictions on exports or imports. Furthermore, any manufacturing
issues affecting the quality of our products, including players and audio products, could harm our business.

If our contract manufacturer fails for any reason to continue manufacturing our players or other products in
required volumes and at high quality levels, or at all, we would have to identify, select and qualify an acceptable
alternative contract manufacturer or manufacturers. Alternative contract manufacturers may not be available to us
when needed, or at all, or may not be in a position to satisfy our production requirements at commercially
reasonable prices, to our quality and performance standards, or at all. Any significant interruption in
manufacturing at a contract manufacturer could require us to reduce our supply of players or other products to our
retailers and distributors, which in turn would reduce our revenue, active account growth or streaming hour growth.

Certain Roku TV brands do not have manufacturing capabilities and primarily depend upon contract manufacturers, and
the supply of Roku TV models to the market could be disrupted if they encounter problems with their contract
manufacturers or suppliers.*

Certain Roku TV brands do not have internal manufacturing capabilities and primarily rely upon contract
manufacturers to build the Roku TV models that they sell to retailers. Their contract manufacturers may be
vulnerable to capacity constraints and reduced component availability, increases in U.S. tariffs on imports of Roku
TV models, future possible changes in U.S. regulations on exports of U.S. technologies or dealings with certain
countries or parties, foreign tariffs on U.S. parts or components for Roku TV models that are assembled outside of
the U.S., and their control over delivery schedules, manufacturing yields and costs, particularly when components
are in short supply may be limited. Delays, component shortages, factory shutdowns due to the COVID-19 pandemic and
other manufacturing and supply problems could impair the retail distribution of their Roku TV models. A significant
interruption in the supply of Roku TV models to retailers and distributors could, in turn, reduce our active
accounts and streaming hours.

Furthermore, any manufacturing issues affecting the quality of our Roku TV brand partners’ Roku TV models, could
harm our brand and our business.
                                                        54                                                         
Changes in general economic conditions, geopolitical conditions, U.S. trade policies and other factors beyond our
control may adversely impact our business and operating results.*

Our business is subject to risks generally associated with doing business abroad, such as U.S. and foreign
governmental regulation in the countries in which our contract manufacturer and component suppliers are located.
Our operations and performance depend significantly on global, regional and U.S. economic and geopolitical
conditions. For example, there has been discussion and dialogue regarding potential significant changes to U.S.
trade policies, legislation, treaties and tariffs. For example, in November 2018, the United States, Mexico, and
Canada signed the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (“USMCA”) which supersedes the North American Free Trade
Agreement. The USMCA has been ratified by the respective legislatures of each of the three countries. Congress
approved the USMCA in the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement Implementation Act (H.R.5430) in January 2020 (the
“Act”), and the President signed the Act into law. The USMCA agreement entered into force on July 1, 2020, although
there are some remaining issues with respect to ensuring that Mexico’s and Canada’s laws and regulations to ensure
that both are fully in compliance with the USMCA obligations and commitments, and the parties are still in the
process of finalizing certain regulations regarding customs procedures, rules of origin, and other provisions that
could affect products sourced from Mexico or Canada, and their eligibility for duty-free entry into the U.S.,
Mexican, and Canadian markets.

The current U.S. Administration also has threatened tougher trade terms with China and other countries, leading to
the imposition of substantially higher U.S. Section 301 tariffs on roughly $320 billion of imports from China. In
response, China has imposed higher Chinese tariffs on a large amount of U.S. exports to China, which could affect
the prices of U.S. origin parts or components of our products assembled in China. In January 2020, the U.S. and
China signed a “Phase One” trade deal pursuant to which, among other things, the U.S. will modify its Section 301
tariff actions. As part of the Phase One agreement, the U.S. canceled additional Section 301 duties that were
originally scheduled to go into effect in December 2019 on certain imported products, including certain of our
products, and reduced the duties on certain other imported products, including televisions assembled in China by
Roku TV brand partners, from 15% ad valorem to 7.5%.

At this time, it is unknown whether the Phase One deal will last or whether there will be sufficient progress on
Phases Two and Three to lead to a further reduction in U.S.-China trade tensions: whether additional Section 301
tariffs will be imposed on Roku products, imported from China and, if so, how long U.S. tariffs on Chinese goods
will remain in effect or whether even higher tariffs will be imposed, or new regulatory proposals to restrict trade
will be adopted. There are also pressures on the U.S. Administration to retaliate against China over China’s
inability to prevent COVID-19 from spreading outside of the country’s borders and China’s actions in Hong Kong,
which could lead to additional U.S., Chinese and other tariffs, or a resumption of trade hostilities, exposing us
to increased tariffs in the U.S. and Chinese markets. Finally, there are questions whether international trade
agreements will be negotiated or existing free trade agreements re-negotiated; whether new trade or tariff actions
will be announced by the current Administration; or the effect that any such action would have, either positively
or negatively, on our industry or our business or licensees. If any new legislation and/or regulations are
implemented, or if existing trade agreements are renegotiated or terminated, or if tariffs are imposed on foreign-
sourced or U.S. goods, it may be inefficient and expensive for us to alter our business operations in order to
adapt to or comply with such changes, and higher prices could depress consumer demand. Such operational changes
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

On October 2, 2020, the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative (USTR) initiated two investigations under Section
301 of the Trade Act of 1974 regarding Vietnam’s acts, policies, and practices related to the import and use of
illegally harvested timber and potential undervaluation of its currency. As with China, USTR's Section 301
investigations of Vietnam could lead to retaliatory tariffs on U.S. imports from Vietnam if the U.S. concerns
cannot be resolved through negotiations. Such tariffs may not be limited to products directly involved in the acts,
policies, and practices found to violate Section 301 (e.g. tropical timber) and thus could affect other, unrelated
products, including those sourced by Roku or its suppliers and licensees.

Also, various countries, in addition to the United States, regulate the import and export of certain commodities,
software, and technology, including import and export licensing requirements, and have enacted laws that could
limit our ability to distribute our products or collaborate on technology with our commercial or strategic
partners, or could limit our commercial and/or strategic partners’ ability to implement our products in those
countries. Changes in our products or future changes in export and import regulations may create delays in the
introduction of our products in international markets, prevent our commercial and/or strategic partners with
international operations from deploying our products globally or, in some cases, prevent the export or import of
our products to certain countries, governments, or persons altogether. In particular, the U.S. government continues
to expand export control restrictions on China and Hong Kong, which may limit the company’s ability to collaborate
with and transfer technology to partners in the region. Cross-border data transmissions are currently exempt from
customs duties under the WTO’s temporary e-commerce moratorium on electronic transmissions,
                                                        55                                                         
but the moratorium faces opposition from certain WTO Members when it comes up for renewal at the WTO Ministerial
Meeting, which was originally scheduled for June 2020. It has been postponed because of COVID-19 but may take place
in 2021. Other potential barriers include digital services taxes which potentially could expose certain digital
services to new taxes, economic sanctions or related legislation, increased export and import restrictions stemming
from governmental policies or U.S.-China “de-coupling,” or changes in the countries, governments, persons or
technologies targeted by such regulations, restrictions, and sanctions. Any change in export or import regulations,
the imposition of customs duties or other restrictions on intangible goods such as cross-border data flows, could
result in decreased use of our products by, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our products to, existing
or new customers in international markets or hamper our ability to source products, components, and parts from
certain suppliers. Any decreased use of our products or limitation on our ability to export, import, or sell our
products, or source parts and/or components, would harm our business.

Further, following the result of a referendum in 2016, the United Kingdom formally left the EU on January 31, 2020.
The United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the EU is commonly referred to as “Brexit.” Pursuant to the withdrawal
arrangements agreed to between the United Kingdom and the EU, the United Kingdom is subject to a transition period
until December 31, 2020, during which EU rules will continue to apply (the “Brexit Transition Period”).
Negotiations between the United Kingdom and the EU are expected to continue in relation to the customs and trading
relationship between the United Kingdom and the EU following the expiry of the Brexit Transition Period. The
effects of Brexit have been and are expected to continue to be far-reaching. Brexit and the perceptions as to its
impact may adversely affect business activity and economic conditions globally and could continue to contribute to
instability in global financial markets. Brexit could also have the effect of disrupting the free movement of
goods, services, and people between the United Kingdom and the EU. In addition, Brexit could lead to legal
uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations as the United Kingdom determines which EU laws
to replace or replicate. The full effects of Brexit are uncertain and will remain so until after the Brexit
Transition Period. This depends in part on whether the United Kingdom and EU can reach a definitive resolution with
regards to outstanding trade and legal matters, or whether the United Kingdom leaves without an agreement under a
“hard Brexit.” Given these possibilities and others we may not anticipate, as well as the lack of comparable
precedent, the full extent to which our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely
affected by Brexit is uncertain.

The supply chains of our contract manufacturer and many of our licensees may source products, parts or components
from China and other countries in the Asia-Pacific region. There are many uncertainties around the COVID-19
pandemic, including scientific and health issues, the unknown duration and extent of economic disruption in China
and other markets in the region, and the impact on the Chinese, U.S., and global economies. As a result, the
COVID-19 pandemic may result in further supply shortages of our products or our licensees’ products, and delays in
shipping and transportation services that negatively impact our ability or our licensees’ ability to import,
export, ship, or sell streaming devices to customers in U.S. and international markets. Any decrease, limitations
or delays on our or our licensees’ ability to produce, import, export, ship, or sell our streaming devices would
harm our business.

If we fail to accurately forecast our manufacturing requirements and manage our inventory with our contract
manufacturer, we could incur additional costs, experience manufacturing delays and lose revenue.

We bear supply risk under our contract manufacturing arrangements. Lead times for the materials and components that
our contract manufacturer order on our behalf through different component suppliers vary significantly and depend
on numerous factors, including the specific supplier, contract terms and market demand for a component at a given
time. Lead times for certain key materials and components incorporated into our players or other products are
currently lengthy, requiring our contract manufacturer to order materials and components several months in advance.
If we overestimate our production requirements, our contract manufacturer may purchase excess components and build
excess inventory. If our contract manufacturer, at our request, purchase excess components that are unique to our
products or build excess products, we could be required to pay for these excess components or products. In the
past, we have agreed to reimburse our contract manufacturers for purchased components that were not used as a
result of our decision to discontinue a certain model of player or the use of particular components. If we incur
costs to cover excess supply commitments, this would harm our business.

Conversely, if we underestimate our player or other product requirements, our contract manufacturer may have
inadequate component inventory, which could interrupt the manufacturing of our players or other products and result
in delays or cancellation of orders from retailers and distributors. In addition, from time to time we have
experienced unanticipated increases in demand that resulted in the need to ship players via air freight, which is
more expensive than ocean freight, and adversely affected our player gross margin during such periods of high
demand, for example, during end-of-year holidays. If we fail to accurately forecast our manufacturing requirements,
our business may be harmed.
                                                        56                                                         
Our players incorporate key components from sole source suppliers and if our contract manufacturer is unable to
source these components on a timely basis, due to fabrication capacity issues or other material supply constraints,
we will not be able to deliver our players to our retailers and distributors.*

We depend on sole source suppliers for key components in our players. Our players utilize specific system on chip,
or SoC, Wi-Fi silicon products and Wi-Fi front-end modules from various manufacturers, depending on the player, for
which we do not have a second source. Although this approach allows us to maximize player performance on lower cost
hardware, reduce engineering qualification costs and develop stronger relationships with our strategic suppliers,
this also creates supply chain risk. These sole-source suppliers could be constrained by fabrication capacity
issues or material supply issues, such as tariffs or other export or import restrictions on U.S. parts or
components for finished players that are used in final assembly of their components or on the finished players
themselves. There is also the risk that the strategic supplier may stop producing such components, cease operations
or be acquired by, or enter into exclusive arrangements with, our competitors or other companies. Such suppliers
may also face production, shipping, or logistical constraints arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. Any such
interruption or delay may force us to seek similar components from alternative sources, which may not be available.
Switching from a sole-source supplier would require that we redesign our players to accommodate new components and
would require us to re-qualify our players with regulatory bodies, such as the Federal Communications Commission
(“FCC”), which would be costly and time-consuming.

Our reliance on sole-source suppliers involves a number of additional risks, including risks related to:
                                     
  •  supplier capacity constraints;  
                                     
                       
  •  price increases;  
                       
                       
  •  timely delivery;  
                       
                             
  •  component quality; and  
                             
                                                                                                     
  •  delays in, or the inability to execute on, a supplier roadmap for components and technologies.  
                                                                                                     
Any interruption in the supply of sole-source components for our players could adversely affect our ability to meet
scheduled player deliveries to our retailers and distributors, result in lost sales and higher expenses and harm
our business.

If we fail to attract and retain key personnel, effectively manage succession, or hire, develop, and motivate our
employees, we may not be able to execute our business strategy or continue to grow our business.*

Our success depends in large part on our ability to attract and retain key personnel on our senior management team
and in our engineering, research and development, sales and marketing, operations and other organizations. In
particular, our founder, President and Chief Executive Officer, Anthony Wood, is critical to our overall
management, as well as the continued development of our devices and streaming platform, our culture and our
strategic direction. We do not have long-term employment or non-competition agreements with any of our key
personnel. The loss of one or more of our executive officers or the inability to promptly identify a suitable
successor to a key role could have an adverse effect on our business.

Our ability to compete and grow depends in large part on the efforts and talents of our employees. Our employees,
particularly engineers and other product developers, are in high demand, and we devote significant resources to
identifying, hiring, training, successfully integrating and retaining these employees. Because we face significant
competition for personnel, particularly in the San Francisco Bay Area where our headquarters is located, to attract
top talent, we have had to offer, and believe we will need to continue to offer, competitive compensation packages
before we can validate the productivity of those employees. To retain employees, we also may need to increase our
employee compensation levels in response to competition. The loss of employees or the inability to hire additional
skilled employees is necessary to support our growth could result in significant disruptions to our business, and
the integration of replacement personnel could be time-consuming and expensive and cause disruptions.

We believe a critical component to our success and our ability to retain our best people is our culture. As we
continue to grow, we may find it difficult to maintain our entrepreneurial, execution-focused culture. In addition,
many of our employees may be able to receive significant proceeds from sales of our equity in the public markets,
which may reduce their motivation to continue to work for us. Moreover, the equity ownership of many of our
employees could create disparities in wealth among our employees, which may harm our culture and relations among
employees and our business.
                                                        57                                                         
We need to maintain operational and financial systems that can support our expected growth, increasingly complex
business arrangements, and rules governing revenue and expense recognition and any inability or failure to do so
could adversely affect our financial reporting, billing and payment services.

We have a complex business that is growing in size and complexity both in the United States and in international
jurisdictions. To manage our growth and our increasingly complex business operations, especially as we move into
new markets internationally or acquire new businesses, we will need to maintain and may need to upgrade our
operational and financial systems and procedures, which requires management time and may result in significant
additional expense. Our business arrangements with our content partners, advertisers, Roku TV brand partners and
other licensees, and the rules that govern revenue and expense recognition in our business are increasingly
complex. To manage the expected growth of our operations and increasing complexity, we must maintain operational
and financial systems, procedures and controls and continue to increase systems automation to reduce reliance on
manual operations. An inability to do so will negatively affect our financial reporting, billing and payment
services. Our current and planned systems, procedures and controls may not be adequate to support our complex
arrangements and the rules governing revenue and expense recognition for our future operations and expected growth.
Delays or problems associated with any improvement or expansion of our operational and financial systems and
controls could adversely affect our relationships with our users, content publishers, advertisers, advertisement
agencies, Roku TV brand partners, or other licensees; cause harm to our reputation and brand; and could also result
in errors in our financial and other reporting.

We are subject to payment-related risks and, if our advertisers or advertising agencies do not pay or dispute their
invoices, our business may be harmed.*

Many of our contracts with advertising agencies provide that if the advertiser does not pay the agency, the agency
is not liable to us, and we must seek payment solely from the advertiser, a type of arrangement called sequential
liability. Contracting with these agencies, which in some cases have or may develop higher-risk credit profiles,
may subject us to greater credit risk than if we were to contract directly with advertisers. This credit risk may
vary depending on the nature of an advertising agency’s aggregated advertiser base. In addition, typically, we are
contractually required to pay advertising inventory data suppliers within a negotiated period of time, regardless
of whether our advertisers or advertising agencies pay us on time, or at all. In addition, we typically experience
slow payment cycles by advertising agencies as is common in the advertising industry. While we attempt to balance
payment periods with our suppliers and advertisers and advertising agencies, we are not always successful. As a
result, we can often face a timing issue with our accounts payable on shorter cycles than our accounts receivables,
requiring us to remit payments from our own funds, and accept the risk of credit losses.

We may also be involved in disputes with agencies and their advertisers over the operation of our streaming
platform, the terms of our agreements or our billings for purchases made by them through on our streaming platform
or through our DSP. If we are unable to collect or make adjustments to bills, we could incur credit losses, which
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for the periods in which the write-offs occur. In
the future, bad debt may exceed reserves for such contingencies and our bad debt exposure may increase over time.
Any increase in write-offs for bad debt could have a materially negative effect on our business, financial
condition and operating results. If we are not paid by our advertisers or advertising agencies on time or at all,
our business may be harmed.

Changes in how network operators manage data that travel across their networks could harm our business.

Our business relies upon the ability of our users to access high-quality streaming content through the internet. As
a result, the growth of our business depends on our users’ ability to obtain and maintain low-cost, high-speed
access to the internet, which relies in part on the network operators’ continuing willingness to upgrade and
maintain their equipment as needed to sustain a robust internet infrastructure as well as their continued
willingness to preserve the open and interconnected nature of the internet. We exercise no control over network
operators, which makes us vulnerable to any errors, interruptions or delays in their operations. Any material
disruption or degradation in internet services could harm our business.

To the extent that the number of internet users continues to increase, network congestion could adversely affect
the reliability of our streaming platform. We may also face increased costs of doing business if network operators
engage in discriminatory practices with respect to streamed video content in an effort to monetize access to their
networks by data providers. In the past, internet service providers have attempted to implement usage-based
pricing, bandwidth caps and traffic “shaping” or throttling. To the extent network operators were to create tiers
of internet access service and either charge us for access to these tiers or prohibit our content offerings from
being available on some or all of these tiers, our quality of service could decline, our operating expenses could
increase and our ability to attract and retain users could be impaired, each of which would harm our business.
                                                        58                                                         
In addition, most network operators that provide consumers with access to the internet also provide these consumers
with multichannel video programming. These network operators have an incentive to use their network infrastructure
in a manner adverse to the continued growth and success of other companies seeking to distribute similar video
programming. To the extent that network operators are able to provide preferential treatment to their own data and
content, as opposed to ours, our business could be harmed.

Litigation regarding intellectual property rights could result in the loss of rights important to our devices and
streaming platform, cause us to incur significant legal costs or otherwise harm our business.*

Some internet, technology and media companies, including some of our competitors, own large numbers of patents,
copyrights and trademarks, which they may use to assert claims against us. Third parties have asserted, and may in
the future assert, that we have infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated their intellectual property
rights. As we grow and face increasing competition, the possibility of intellectual property rights claims against
us will grow. Plaintiffs who have no relevant product revenue may not be deterred by our own issued patents and
pending patent applications in bringing intellectual property rights claims against us. The cost of patent
litigation or other proceedings, even if resolved in our favor, has been or could be substantial. Some of our
competitors may be better able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings because of their
substantially greater financial resources. Patent litigation and other proceedings may also require significant
management time and divert management from our business. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and
continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could impair our ability to compete in the marketplace. The
occurrence of any of the foregoing could harm our business.

As a result of intellectual property infringement claims, or to avoid potential claims, we may choose or be
required to seek licenses from third parties. These licenses may not be available on commercially reasonable terms,
or at all. Even if we are able to obtain a license, the license would likely obligate us to pay license fees or
royalties or both, and the rights granted to us might be nonexclusive, with the potential for our competitors to
gain access to the same intellectual property. In addition, the rights that we secure under intellectual property
licenses may not include rights to all of the intellectual property owned or controlled by the licensor, and the
scope of the licenses granted to us may not include rights covering all of the products and services provided by us
and our licensees. Furthermore, an adverse outcome of a dispute may require us to pay damages, potentially
including treble damages and attorneys’ fees, if we are found to have willfully infringed a party’s intellectual
property; cease making, licensing or using technologies that are alleged to infringe or misappropriate the
intellectual property of others; expend additional development resources to redesign our products; enter into
potentially unfavorable royalty or license agreements in order to obtain the right to use necessary technologies,
content or materials; and to indemnify our partners and other third parties. In addition, any lawsuits regarding
intellectual property rights, regardless of their success, could be expensive to resolve and would divert the time
and attention of our management and technical personnel.

Under our agreements with many of our content publishers, licensees, distributors, retailers, contract manufacturer
and suppliers, we are required to provide indemnification in the event our technology is alleged to infringe upon
the intellectual property rights of third parties.*

In certain of our agreements we indemnify our content publishers, licensees, distributors, retailers, manufacturing
partners and suppliers. We have in the past, and may in the future, incur significant expenses defending these
partners if they are sued for patent infringement based on allegations related to our technology. If a partner were
to lose a lawsuit and in turn seek indemnification from us, we also could be subject to significant monetary
liabilities. In addition, because the devices sold by our licensing partners and Roku TV brands often involve the
use of third-party technology, this increases our exposure to litigation in circumstances where there is a claim of
infringement asserted against the streaming device in question, even if the claim does not pertain to our
technology.

If we fail to protect or enforce our intellectual property or proprietary rights, our business and operating
results could be harmed.

We regard the protection of our patents, trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks, trade dress, domain names and other
intellectual property or proprietary rights as critical to our success. We strive to protect our intellectual
property rights by relying on federal, state and common law rights, as well as contractual restrictions. We seek to
protect our confidential proprietary information, in part, by entering into confidentiality agreements and
invention assignment agreements with all our employees, consultants, contractors, advisors and any third parties
who have access to our proprietary know-how, information or technology. However, we cannot be certain that we have
executed such agreements with all parties who may have helped to develop our intellectual property or who had
access to our proprietary information, nor can we be certain that our agreements will not be breached. Any party
with whom we have executed such an agreement could potentially breach that agreement and disclose our proprietary
information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain
                                                        59                                                         
adequate remedies for such breaches. We cannot guarantee that our trade secrets and other confidential proprietary
information will not be disclosed or that competitors will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or
independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. Detecting the disclosure or
misappropriation of a trade secret and enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a
trade secret is difficult, time-consuming and could result in substantial costs and the outcome of such a claim is
unpredictable.

Further, the laws of certain foreign countries do not provide the same level of protection of corporate proprietary
information and assets such as intellectual property, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how and records as the laws
of the United States. For instance, the legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing
countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection. As a result, we may
encounter significant problems in protecting and defending our intellectual property or proprietary rights abroad.
Additionally, we may also be exposed to material risks of theft or unauthorized reverse engineering of our
proprietary information and other intellectual property, including technical data, manufacturing processes, data
sets or other sensitive information. Our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights in such foreign
countries may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we
develop, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Moreover, if we are unable to prevent the disclosure of our trade secrets to third parties, or if our competitors
independently develop any of our trade secrets, we may not be able to establish or maintain a competitive advantage
in our market, which could harm our business.

We have filed and will in the future file patent applications on inventions that we deem to be innovative. There is
no guarantee that our patent applications will issue as granted patents, that the scope of the protection gained
will be sufficient or that an issued patent may subsequently be deemed invalid or unenforceable. Patent laws, and
scope of coverage afforded by them, have recently been subject to significant changes, such as the change to
“first-to-file” from “first-to-invent” resulting from the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act. This change in the
determination of inventorship may result in inventors and companies having to file patent applications more
frequently to preserve rights in their inventions, which may favor larger competitors that have the resources to
file more patent applications. Another change to the patent laws may incentivize third parties to challenge any
issued patent in the United States Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”), as opposed to having to bring such an
action in U.S. federal court. Any invalidation of a patent claim could have a significant impact on our ability to
protect the innovations contained within our devices and platform and could harm our business.

The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural,
documentary, fee payment and other provisions to maintain patent applications and issued patents. We may fail to
take the necessary actions and to pay the applicable fees to obtain or maintain our patents. Noncompliance with
these requirements can result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application, resulting in partial or
complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, competitors might be able to use our
technologies and enter the market earlier than would otherwise have been the case.

We pursue the registration of our domain names, trademarks and service marks in the United States and in certain
locations outside the United States. We are seeking to protect our trademarks, patents and domain names in an
increasing number of jurisdictions, a process that is expensive and time-consuming and may not be successful or
which we may not pursue in every jurisdiction in which we conduct business.

Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property or proprietary rights, protect our trade secrets
or determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed by others. Any litigation of this nature,
regardless of outcome or merit, could result in substantial costs, adverse publicity or diversion of management and
technical resources, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. If we fail to
maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual property or proprietary rights, our business may be harmed.

United States or international rules that permit ISPs to limit internet data consumption by users, including
unreasonable discrimination in the provision of broadband internet access services, could harm our business.*

Laws, regulations or court rulings that adversely affect the popularity or growth in use of the internet, including
decisions that undermine open and neutrally administered internet access, could decrease customer demand for our
service offerings, may impose additional burdens on us or could cause us to incur additional expenses or alter our
business model.

In February 2015, the FCC adopted open internet rules intended to protect the ability of consumers and content
producers to send and receive non-harmful, lawful information on the internet, known as the Open Internet Order.
The Open Internet Order prohibited broadband internet access service providers from: (i) blocking access to legal
content, applications, services or non-harmful devices; (ii) throttling, impairing or degrading performance based
on content, applications, services
                                                        60                                                         
or non-harmful devices; and (iii) charging more for favorable delivery of content or favoring self-provisioned
content over third-party content (collectively, the “prohibited activities”). The Open Internet Order also
prohibited broadband internet access service providers from unreasonably interfering with consumers’ ability to
select, access and use the lawful content, applications, services or devices of their choosing as well as edge
providers’ ability to make lawful content, applications, services or devices available to consumers.

In January 2018, the FCC released a new order, known as the Restoring Internet Freedom Order (the “Order”), that
repealed most of the blocking, throttling, and paid prioritization restrictions adopted in the Open Internet Order.
The Order reclassified broadband internet access service as a non-common carrier “information service” and repealed
rules that had prohibited broadband internet access service providers from conducting the “prohibited activities”
but continued to require broadband internet access service providers to be transparent about their policies and
network management practices, and subjected discriminatory practices to case-by-case assessment under antitrust and
consumer protection laws. Most portions of the Order went into effect in April 2018 and the remainder went into
effect in June 2018. Numerous judicial challenges to the Order were filed, and in October 2019, the Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit upheld nearly all of the Order, but reversed the FCC's decision to
prohibit all state and local regulation targeted at broadband internet access service, requiring case by case
determinations as to whether state and local regulation conflicts with the FCC's rules. The court also required the
FCC to reexamine three issues from the Order where it found insufficient analysis but allowed the Order to remain
in effect pending the FCC’s review. The original parties were denied a rehearing by the full U.S. Court of Appeals
for the D.C. Circuit in February 2020 and the period to seek review by the Supreme Court has ended. On remand, the
FCC has announced its intention to reaffirm its existing approach in a decision slated for adoption in October
2020. To the extent the courts, the agencies or the states do not uphold or adopt sufficient safeguards to protect
against discriminatory conduct, network operators may seek to extract fees from us or our content publishers to
deliver our traffic or otherwise engage in blocking, throttling or other discriminatory practices, and our business
could be harmed.

Several states have adopted or are considering network neutrality legislation or regulation. For example,
California’s legislation codifies portions of the FCC’s rescinded Open Internet Order. The U.S. Department of
Justice filed suit in September 2018 to block implementation of the California law, and several broadband service
provider trade associations also have sued California to invalidate its net neutrality law on grounds that the law
is preempted by the Order, among other claims. The status of the preemption claim is uncertain in light of the
Court of Appeals decision on the FCC’s preemption authority. The California Attorney General agreed to delay
implementation of the law until the litigation is resolved. Several states have enacted net neutrality legislation
and governors in several other states have signed executive orders requiring broadband internet access service
providers contracting with state agencies to adhere to network neutrality principles. The regulatory framework for
network neutrality thus remains unsettled and is subject to ongoing Federal and state legislative and regulatory
activity. Moreover, the FCC’s legal authority and willingness to preempt state net neutrality laws on a case-by-
case basis remain unsettled. If the FCC preempts individual state net neutrality laws that prohibit blocking,
throttling, and other discriminatory practices, our business could be harmed.

As we expand internationally, government regulation protecting the non-discriminatory provision of internet access
may be nascent or non-existent. In those markets where regulatory safeguards against unreasonable discrimination
are nascent or non-existent and where local network operators possess substantial market power, we could experience
anti-competitive practices that could impede our growth, cause us to incur additional expenses or otherwise harm
our business. Future regulations or changes in laws and regulations or their existing interpretations or
applications could also hinder our operational flexibility, raise compliance costs and result in additional
liabilities for us, which may harm our business.

Broadband internet providers are subject to government regulation and enforcement actions, and changes in current
or future laws, regulations or enforcement actions that negatively impact our distributors or content publishers
could harm our business.

Upon the effective date of the FCC’s Restoring Internet Freedom Order, the FTC became the federal agency primarily
responsible for regulating broadband privacy and data security in the United States. The FTC follows an
enforcement-focused approach to regulating broadband privacy and security. Future FTC enforcement actions could
cause us or our content publishers to alter advertising claims or alter or eliminate certain features or
functionalities of our products or services which may harm our business. At the FCC, many broadband internet
providers provide traditional telecommunications services that are subject to FCC and state rate regulation of
intrastate telecommunications services, and are recipients of federal universal service fund payments, which are
intended to subsidize telecommunications services in areas that are expensive to serve. Changes in rate regulations
or in universal service funding rules, either at the federal or state level, could affect these broadband internet
providers’ revenue and capital spending plans. In addition, various international regulatory bodies have
jurisdiction over non-United States broadband internet providers. The Nevada SPI Law and the CCPA also apply to
broadband internet providers that do business in Nevada and California, respectively. To the extent these
                                                        61                                                         
broadband internet providers are adversely affected by laws or regulations regarding their business, products or
service offerings, our business could be harmed.

If we are found liable for content that is distributed through or advertising that is served through our platform,
our business could be harmed.*

As a distributor of content, we face potential liability for negligence, copyright, patent or trademark
infringement, public performance royalties or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we
distribute. The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “DMCA”) is intended, in part, to limit the liability of
eligible service providers for caching, hosting or linking to, user content that includes materials that infringe
copyrights or other rights. We rely on the protections provided by the DMCA in conducting our business. Similarly,
Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act (“Section 230”) protects online distribution platforms, such as ours,
from actions taken under various laws that might otherwise impose liability on the platform provider for what
content creators develop or the actions they take or inspire.

However, the DMCA, Section 230, and similar statutes and doctrines that we may rely on in the future are subject to
uncertain judicial interpretation and regulatory and legislative amendments. In May 2020, the U.S. Copyright Office
released a report proposing several legislative changes that would alter the DMCA’s liability protections and alter
the notice-and-takedown system. Also in May 2020, the White House released Executive Order 13925, which, among
other things, directs the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (the “NTIA”) to file a
petition for rulemaking with the FCC that may limit the scope of protection provided under Section 230. In June
2020, the U.S. Department of Justice proposed a number of legislative changes to Section 230 intended to limit the
scope of protection provided under Section 230. And in July 2020, the NTIA filed a petition for rulemaking that,
among other things, would limit Section 230 liability protections and include a new, four-part “good faith”
standard for legally permissible content moderation. The FCC has not set a timeline to address the NTIA petition.
These or other regulatory or legislative changes may ultimately require us to take a different approach towards
content moderation on our platform, which could diminish the depth, breadth, and variety of content we offer and,
in so doing, reduce our advertising revenue or user base.

Moreover, the DMCA and Section 230 provide protections primarily in the United States. If the rules around these
statutes and doctrines change, if international jurisdictions refuse to apply similar protections or if a court
were to disagree with our application of those rules to our business, we could incur liability and our business
could be harmed. If we become liable for these types of claims as a result of the content that is streamed over or
the advertisements that are served through our platform, then our business may suffer. Litigation to defend these
claims could be costly and the expenses and damages arising from any liability could harm our business. Our
insurance may not be adequate to cover these types of claims or any liability that may be imposed on us.

In addition, regardless of any legal protections that may limit our liability for the actions of third parties, we
may be adversely impacted if copyright holders assert claims, or commence litigation, alleging copyright
infringement against the developers of channels that are distributed on our platform. While our platform policies
prohibit streaming content on our platform without distribution rights from the copyright holder, and we maintain
processes and systems for the reporting and removal of infringing content, in certain instances our platform has
been misused by unaffiliated third parties to unlawfully distribute copyrighted content. If content owners or
distributors are influenced by the existence of types of claims or proceedings and are deterred from working with
us as a consequence, this could impair our ability to maintain or expand our business, including through
international expansion plans.

Our involvement in any such legal matters now or in the future, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses
and other costs, and be disruptive to our business.

Our streaming devices are technically complex and may contain undetected hardware errors or software bugs, which
could manifest themselves in ways that could harm our reputation and our business.*

Our streaming devices and those of our licensees are technically complex and have contained and may in the future
contain undetected software bugs or hardware errors. These bugs and errors can manifest themselves in any number of
ways in our devices or our streaming platform, including through diminished performance, security vulnerabilities,
data quality in logs or interpretation of data, malfunctions or even permanently disabled devices. Some errors in
our devices may only be discovered after a device has been shipped and used by users and may in some cases only be
detected under certain circumstances or after extended use. We also update the Roku OS and our software on a
regular basis, and, despite our quality assurance processes, we could introduce bugs in the process of any such
update. The introduction of a serious software bug could result in devices becoming permanently disabled. We offer
a limited one-year warranty in the United States and any such defects discovered in our devices after commercial
release could result in loss of revenue or delay in revenue recognition, loss of customer goodwill and users and
increased service costs, any of which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. We could
also face claims for product or information liability, tort or breach of
                                                        62                                                         
warranty, or other violations of laws or regulations. In addition, our contracts with users contain provisions
relating to warranty disclaimers and liability limitations, which may not be upheld. Defending a lawsuit,
regardless of its merit, is costly and may divert management’s attention and adversely affect the market’s
perception of Roku and our products. In addition, if our insurance coverage proves inadequate or future coverage is
unavailable on acceptable terms or at all, our business could be harmed.

Components used in our products may fail as a result of manufacturing, design or other defects over which we have
no control and render our devices permanently inoperable.

We rely on third-party component suppliers to provide certain functionalities needed for the operation and use of
our products. Any errors or defects in such third-party technology could result in errors in our products that
could harm our business. If these components have a manufacturing, design or other defect, they can cause our
products to fail and render them permanently inoperable. For example, the typical means by which our users connect
their home networks to our players is by way of a Wi-Fi access point in the home network router. If the Wi-Fi
receiver in our player fails, then our player cannot detect a home network’s Wi-Fi access point, and our player
will not be able to display or deliver any content to the TV screen. As a result, we may have to replace these
players at our sole cost and expense. Should we have a widespread problem of this kind, our reputation in the
market could be adversely affected and our replacement of these players would harm our business.

If we experience higher player returns than we expect and are unable to resell such returned players as refurbished
players, our business could be harmed.

We offer customers who purchase players through our website 30 days to return such players. We also generally honor
the return policies of our retail and distribution partners, who typically allow customers to return players, even
with open packaging within certain time periods that may exceed 30 days. We generally resell any returned players
as refurbished players. To the extent we experience a greater number of returns than we expect, are unable to
resell returned players as refurbished players, or are required to provide price protection in amounts greater than
we expect, our business could be harmed.

If we are unable to obtain necessary or desirable third-party technology licenses, our ability to develop new
streaming players or platform enhancements may be impaired.

We utilize commercially available off-the-shelf technology in the development of our players and streaming
platform. As we continue to introduce new features or improvements to our players and our streaming platform, we
may be required to license additional technologies from third parties. These third-party licenses may be
unavailable to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If we are unable to obtain necessary third-party
licenses, we may be required to obtain substitute technologies with lower quality or performance standards, or at a
greater cost, any of which could harm the competitiveness of our players, streaming platform and our business.

Our use of open source software could impose limitations on our ability to commercialize our devices and our
streaming platform.

We incorporate open source software in our streaming platform. From time to time, companies that incorporate open
source software into their products and services have faced claims challenging the ownership of open source
software and/or compliance with open source license terms. Therefore, we could be subject to suits by parties
claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software or noncompliance with open source licensing terms.
Although we monitor our use of open source software, the terms of many open source software licenses have not been
interpreted by U.S. courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that could impose
unanticipated conditions or restrictions on the sale of our devices. In such event, we could be required to make
our proprietary software generally available to third parties, including competitors, at no cost, to seek licenses
from third parties in order to continue offering our devices, to re-engineer our devices or to discontinue the sale
of our devices in the event re-engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely basis or at all, any of which could
harm our business.

The quality of our customer support is important to our users and licensees, and, if we fail to provide adequate
levels of customer support, we could lose users and licensees, which would harm our business.

Our users and licensees depend on our customer support organization to resolve any issues relating to our devices.
A high level of support is critical for the successful marketing and sale of our devices. We currently outsource
our customer support operation to a third-party customer support organization. If we do not effectively train,
update and manage our third-party customer support organization to assist our users, and if that support
organization does not succeed in helping them
                                                        63                                                         
quickly resolve issues or provide effective ongoing support, it could adversely affect our ability to sell our
devices to users and harm our reputation with potential new users and our licensees.

If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the
accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our Class A common stock may be
adversely affected.

We are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such
internal control. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“Section 404”) requires that we furnish a report
by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This
assessment must include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control
over financial reporting. Our independent registered public accounting firm also attests to the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting. If we have a material weakness in our internal control over
financial reporting in the future, we may not detect errors on a timely basis and our financial statements may be
materially misstated. If we identify material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, are
unable to continue to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, are unable to assert that our
internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is
unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, investors
may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, and the market price of our Class A
common stock could be adversely affected. In addition, we could become subject to investigations by the stock
exchange on which our Class A common stock is listed, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities, which could require
additional financial and management resources.

Our financial results may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles applicable to us.

U.S. GAAP are subject to interpretation by the FASB, the SEC, and other various bodies formed to promulgate and
interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could have a
significant effect on our reported results of operations and may even affect the reporting of transactions
completed before the announcement or effectiveness of a change. For example, we adopted Accounting Standards
Codification, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)(“ASC 606”), using the modified retrospective
method. We applied the revenue standard to all contracts that were not completed as of January 1, 2018. We
recognized the cumulative effect of initially applying the revenue standard as an adjustment to the opening balance
of retained earnings. The comparative information has not been restated and continues to be reported under the
accounting standards in effect for the prior periods. It is difficult to predict the impact of future changes to
accounting principles or our accounting policies, any of which could harm our business.

We may pursue acquisitions, which involve a number of risks, and if we are unable to address and resolve these
risks successfully, such acquisitions could harm our business.*

In November 2019 we acquired dataxu and may in the future acquire businesses, products or technologies to expand
our offerings and capabilities, user base and business. We have evaluated, and expect to continue to evaluate, a
wide array of potential strategic transactions; however, we have limited experience completing or integrating
acquisitions. Any acquisition could be material to our financial condition and results of operations and any
anticipated benefits from an acquisition may never materialize. Acquisitions could also result in dilutive
issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, which could adversely affect our operating results, may
cause unfavorable accounting treatment, may expose us to claims and disputes by third parties, including
intellectual property claims, and may not generate sufficient financial returns to offset additional costs and
expenses related to the acquisitions. In addition, the process of integrating acquired businesses, products or
technologies may create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. Acquisitions of businesses, products or
technologies in international markets would involve additional risks, including those related to integration of
operations across different cultures and languages, currency risks and the particular economic, political and
regulatory risks associated with specific countries. We may not be able to address these risks successfully, or at
all, without incurring significant costs, delays or other operational problems and if we were unable to address
such risks successfully our business could be harmed.

We have outstanding debt and our credit facility provides our lender with a first-priority lien against
substantially all of our assets and contains financial covenants and other restrictions on our actions that may
limit our operational flexibility or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition.*

We entered into a credit agreement among us, as borrower, the lenders and issuing banks from time to time party
thereto, and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., or the Agent providing for a (i) a four-year revolving credit
facility in the aggregate principal amount of up to $100.0 million, (the “Revolving Credit Facility”), (ii) a four-
year delayed draw term loan A facility in the aggregate principal amount of up to $100.0 million, (the “Term Loan A
Facility”) and (iii) an uncommitted incremental facility subject to certain conditions (collectively, the “Credit
Agreement”). The Credit Agreement contains a number of affirmative and negative covenants, which may restrict our
current and future operations, particularly our ability to
                                                        64                                                         
respond to certain changes in our business or industry or take future actions. The Credit Agreement also contains a
financial covenant requiring us to maintain a minimum adjusted quick ratio of at least 1.00 to 1.00, tested as of
the last day of any fiscal quarter on the basis of the prior period of our four consecutive fiscal quarters.
Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, we granted the Agent a security interest in substantially all of our assets. See
the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity
and Capital Resources—Senior Secured Term Loan A and Revolving Credit Facilities.”

In November 2019, we borrowed $100.0 million aggregate principal amount pursuant to the Term Loan A Facility and in
March 2020, we borrowed $69.3 million aggregate principal amount of revolving loans pursuant to the Revolving
Credit Facility. In May 2020, weentered into the Equity Distribution Agreement, pursuant to which we sold 4.0
million shares of our Class A common stock at an average selling price of $126.01 per share, for aggregate gross
proceeds of $504.0 million, a portion of which was used to repay the$69.3 million outstanding under our Revolving
Credit Facility. We also have outstanding letters of credit as of September 30, 2020 totaling $30.6 million against
the Credit Facility.

As of September 30, 2020, we were in compliance with all of the financial covenants of the Credit Agreement.
However, if we fail to comply with the covenants, make payments as specified in the Credit Agreement, or undergo
any other event of default contained in the Credit Agreement, the Agent could declare an event of default, which
would give it the right to terminate the commitments to provide additional loans and declare any borrowings
outstanding, together with accrued and unpaid interest and fees, to be immediately due and payable. In addition,
the Agent would have the right to proceed against the assets we provided as collateral pursuant to the Credit
Agreement. If the outstanding debt under the Credit Agreement is accelerated, we may not have sufficient cash or be
able to sell sufficient assets to repay it, which would harm our business and financial condition.

When we borrowed pursuant to the Credit Facility, we choose LIBOR as the benchmark for establishing the applicable
interest rate. LIBOR is the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals
for reform which may cause LIBOR to cease to exist, establish new methods of calculating LIBOR, or replace LIBOR
with an alternative reference rate(s). The consequences of these developments cannot be entirely predicted and
could have an adverse impact on the value of our LIBOR-linked financial obligations, such as an increase in the
cost of our credit agreement indebtedness.

If we fail to comply with the laws and regulations relating to the collection of sales tax and payment of income
taxes in the various jurisdictions in which we do business, we could be exposed to unexpected costs, expenses,
penalties and fees as a result of our noncompliance, which could harm our business.

By engaging in business activities in the United States, we become subject to various jurisdiction laws and
regulations, including requirements to collect sales tax from our sales within those jurisdictions, and the payment
of income taxes on revenue generated from activities in those jurisdictions. The laws and regulations governing the
collection of sales tax for sales on our website and payment of income taxes are numerous, complex, and vary by
jurisdiction. A successful assertion by one or more jurisdictions that we were required to collect sales or other
taxes or to pay income taxes where we did not could result in substantial tax liabilities, fees and expenses,
including substantial interest and penalty charges, which could harm our business.

New legislation that would change U.S. or foreign taxation of international business activities or other tax-reform
policies could harm our business.*

Reforming the taxation of international businesses has been a priority for U.S. politicians, and key members of the
legislative and executive branches, and a wide variety of changes has been proposed or enacted. Certain changes to
U.S. tax laws could affect the tax treatment of our foreign earnings, as well as cash and cash equivalent balances
we maintain outside the United States. Additionally, any changes in the U.S. or foreign taxation of such activities
may increase our worldwide effective tax rate and the amount of taxes we pay and harm our business.

Legislation enacted in 2017, informally titled the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (“TCJA”), as modified by legislation
enacted on March 27, 2020, entitled the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (“CARES Act”),
significantly reformed the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The TCJA, as modified by the CARES Act,
alters U.S. federal tax rates, imposes additional limitations on the deductibility of interest, allows for the
expensing of certain capital expenditures, and puts into effect the migration from a “worldwide” system of taxation
to a territorial system. Additionally, the TCJA, as modified by the CARES Act, has both positive and negative
changes to the utilization of future net operating loss carryforwards. For example, U.S. federal NOLs incurred in
taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, can be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such
U.S. federal NOLs in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020 is limited to 80% of taxable income. The U.S.
Department of Treasury has broad authority to issue regulations and
                                                        65                                                         
interpretative guidance that may significantly impact how we will apply the law, which could affect our financial
position and result of operations. It is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to the TCJA
and the CARES Act.

In addition, an increasing number of jurisdictions are considering or have adopted laws or administrative practices
that impose new tax measures, including revenue-based taxes targeting online commerce, digital services, and the
remote selling of goods and services. These include new obligations to collect sales, consumption, value added, or
other taxes on online marketplaces and remote sellers, or other requirements that may result in liability for
third-party obligations. For example, the EU, certain member states, and other countries have proposed or enacted
taxes on digital advertising and marketplace service revenue. The OECD and G-20 are currently engaged in
negotiations over an Inclusive Framework on “Base Erosion and Profit Shifting” (BEPS). The talks particularly
target digital businesses, involve 135 countries, and could significantly alter the rules on international taxation
of multinational enterprises. Our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected by additional
taxes of this nature imposed on us prospectively or retroactively or additional taxes or penalties resulting from
the failure to comply with any collection obligations. The United States has threatened to impose retaliatory
duties under Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 on imports from countries that adopt DSTs, which could result in
increased trade tensions and potential retaliation by foreign governments against U.S. digital services or
technologies.

We continue to examine the impact these and other tax reforms may have on our business. The impact of these and
other tax reforms is uncertain and one or more of these or similar measures could seriously harm our business.

We may require additional capital to meet our financial obligations and support planned business growth, and this
capital might not be available on acceptable terms or at all.*

We intend to continue to make significant investments to support planned business growth and may require additional
funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new devices and enhance our streaming
platform, maintain adequate levels of inventory to support our retail partners’ demand requirements, improve our
operating infrastructure or acquire complementary businesses, personnel and technologies. Our primary uses of cash
include operating costs such as personnel-related expenses and capital spending. Our future capital requirements
may vary materially from those currently planned and will depend on many factors including our growth rate and the
continuing market acceptance of our streaming platform, the Roku OS and players along with the timing and effort
related to the introduction of new platform features, players, hiring of experienced personnel, the expansion of
sales and marketing activities, as well as overall economic conditions.For example, we entered into lease
agreements for a corporate headquarters, and we started to incur material expenses during 2019. On November 8, 2019
we acquired dataxu for aggregate consideration of $77.6 million in cash and 571,459 shares of our Class A common
stock.

We may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise additional funds through
future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our then existing stockholders could suffer significant
dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of
holders of our Class A common stock. Any debt financing we secure could involve additional restrictive covenants
relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more
difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential
acquisitions. If we were to violate such restrictive covenants, we could incur penalties, increased expenses and an
acceleration of the payment terms of our outstanding debt, which could in turn harm our business.

We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain
adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support
our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business may be
harmed.

Natural disasters or other catastrophic events could disrupt and impact our business.*

Occurrence of any catastrophic event, including earthquake, flood, tsunami or other weather event, power loss,
internet failure, software or hardware malfunctions, cyber-attack, war, terrorist attack, medical epidemic or
pandemic (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), other man-made disasters or other catastrophic events could disrupt our
business operations. Any of these business disruptions could require substantial expenditures and recovery time in
order to fully resume operations. In particular, our principal offices are located in California, our contract
manufacturer and some of our suppliers are located in Asia both of which are regions known for seismic activity
making our operations in these areas vulnerable to natural disasters or other business disruptions in these areas.
Our insurance coverage may not compensate us for losses that may occur in the event of an earthquake or other
significant natural disaster. In addition, acts of terrorism could cause disruptions to the internet or the economy
as a whole. If our streaming platform was to fail or be negatively impacted as a result of a natural disaster or
other event, our ability to deliver streaming content, including advertising, to our users would be impaired.
Disruptions in the operations of our contract manufacturer as a result of a disaster or other catastrophic event
could
                                                        66                                                         
delay the manufacture and shipment of our players or other products, which could impact our business. If we are
unable to develop adequate plans to ensure that our business functions continue to operate during and after a
disaster or other catastrophic event and to execute successfully on those plans in the event of a disaster or
catastrophic event, our business would be harmed.

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock

The dual class structure of our common stock as contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
has the effect of concentrating voting control with those stockholders who held our stock prior to our initial
public offering, including our executive officers, employees and directors and their affiliates, and limiting your
ability to influence corporate matters.*

Our Class B common stock has 10 votes per share, and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. Our President
and Chief Executive Officer, Anthony Wood, holds and controls the vote of a significant number of shares of our
outstanding common stock, and therefore Mr. Wood will have significant influence over our management and affairs
and over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including election of directors and significant corporate
transactions, such as a merger or other sale of Roku or our assets, for the foreseeable future. If Mr. Wood’s
employment with us is terminated, he will continue to have the same influence over matters requiring stockholder
approval.

In addition, the holders of Class B common stock collectively will continue to be able to control all matters
submitted to our stockholders for approval even if their stock holdings represent less than 50% of the outstanding
shares of our common stock. Because of the 10-to-1 voting ratio between our Class B and Class A common stock, the
holders of our Class B common stock collectively will continue to control a majority of the combined voting power
of our common stock even when the shares of Class B common stock represent as little as 10% of all outstanding
shares of our Class A and Class B common stock. This concentrated control will limit your ability to influence
corporate matters for the foreseeable future, and, as a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could
be adversely affected.

Future transfers by holders of Class B common stock will generally result in those shares converting to Class A
common stock, which will have the effect, over time, of increasing the relative voting power of those holders of
Class B common stock who retain their shares in the long term. As a result of such transfers, as of September 30,
2020, Mr. Wood controls a majority of the combined voting power of our Class A and Class B common stock even though
he only owns 14% of the outstanding Class A and Class B common stock. As a board member, Mr. Wood owes a fiduciary
duty to our stockholders and must act in good faith in a manner he reasonably believes to be in the best interests
of our stockholders. As a stockholder, even a controlling stockholder, Mr. Wood is entitled to vote his shares in
his own interests, which may not always be in the interests of our stockholders generally. This concentrated
control could delay, defer, or prevent a change of control, merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially
all of our assets that our other stockholders support, or conversely this concentrated control could result in the
consummation of such a transaction that our other stockholders do not support. This concentrated control could also
discourage a potential investor from acquiring our Class A common stock, which has limited voting power relative to
the Class B common stock and might harm the trading price of our Class A common stock.

We have not elected to take advantage of the “controlled company” exemption to the corporate governance rules for
companies listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market.

The trading price of our Class A common stock has been, and may continue to be, volatile, and the value of our
Class A common stock may decline.

The market price of our Class A common stock has been and may continue to be subject to wide fluctuations in
response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including:
                                                                                           
  •  actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition and operating results;  
                                                                                           
                                                              
  •  changes in projected operational and financial results;  
                                                              
                                            
  •  loss by us of key content publishers;  
                                            
                                                                            
  •  changes in laws or regulations applicable to our devices or platform;  
                                                                            
                                                                           
  •  the commencement or conclusion of legal proceedings that involve us;  
                                                                           
                                                                                    
  •  actual or anticipated changes in our growth rate relative to our competitors;  
                                                                                    
                                                                          
  •  announcements of new products or services by us or our competitors;  
                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
  •  announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures    
     or                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
                                                 
  •  capital-raising activities or commitments;  
                                                 
                                                        67                                                         
                                                
  •  additions or departures of key personnel;  
                                                
                                                                             
  •  issuance of new or updated research or reports by securities analysts;  
                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
  •  the use by investors or analysts of third-party data regarding our business that may not reflect our          
     financial performance;                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                
  •  fluctuations in the valuation of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us;  
                                                                                                
                                         
  •  sales of our Class A common stock;  
                                         
                                                                                                                
  •  share price and volume fluctuations attributable to inconsistent trading volume levels of our shares; and  
                                                                                                                
                                              
  •  general economic and market conditions.  
                                              
Furthermore, the stock markets frequently experience extreme price and volume fluctuations that affect the market
prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to
the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general
economic, political and market conditions such as recessions, elections, interest rate changes or international
currency fluctuations, may negatively impact the market price of our Class A common stock. As a result of such
fluctuations, you may not realize any return on your investment in us and may lose some or all of your investment.
In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to
securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future, which could
result in substantial costs and divert our management’s attention from other business concerns.

Future sales and issuances of our capital stock or rights to purchase capital stock could result in additional
dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to decline.

We may issue additional securities in the future and from time to time. Future sales and issuances of our capital
stock or rights to purchase our capital stock could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders. We
may sell or issue Class A common stock, convertible securities and other equity securities in one or more
transactions at prices and in a manner as we may determine from time to time. If we sell any such securities in
subsequent transactions, investors may be materially diluted. New investors in such subsequent transactions could
gain rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our Class A common stock.

Future sales of shares by existing stockholders could cause our stock price to decline.

If our existing stockholders sell, or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts of our Class A common
stock in the public market, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline. All of our outstanding
Class A shares are eligible for sale in the public market, other than shares and options exercisable held by
directors, executive officers and other affiliates that are subject to volume limitations under Rule 144 of the
Securities Act. In addition, we have reserved shares for future issuance under our equity incentive plan. Our
employees, other service providers, and directors are subject to our quarterly trading window, which generally
opens at the start of the second full trading day after the public dissemination of our annual or quarterly
financial results and closes (i) with respect to the first, second and third quarter of each year, at the end of
the fifteenth day of the last month of the such quarter and (ii) with respect to the fourth quarter of each year,
at the end of the trading day on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving. These employees, service providers and
directors may also sell shares during a closed window periods pursuant to trading plans that comply with the
requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c)(1) under the Exchange Act. When these shares are issued and subsequently sold, it
would be dilutive to existing stockholders and the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline.

If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish unfavorable research about our business or if
they downgrade our stock, our stock price and trading volume could decline.

A limited number of equity research analysts provide research coverage of our Class A common stock, and we cannot
assure you that such equity research analysts will adequately provide research coverage of our Class A common
stock. A lack of adequate research coverage may adversely affect the liquidity and market price of our Class A
common stock. If securities or industry analysts cover our company and one or more of these analysts downgrades our
stock or issues other unfavorable commentary or research, the price of our Class A common stock could decline. If
one or more equity research analysts cease coverage of our company, or fail to publish reports on us regularly,
demand for our stock could decrease, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline.

We incur costs and demands upon management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public
companies in the United States, which may harm our business.

As a public company listed in the United States, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. In
addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure,
including
                                                        68                                                         
regulations implemented by the SEC and The Nasdaq Global Select Market, may increase legal and financial compliance
costs and make some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying
interpretations and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by
regulatory and governing bodies. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and
standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of
management’s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If, notwithstanding
our efforts, we fail to comply with new laws, regulations and standards, regulatory authorities may initiate legal
proceedings against us, and our business may be harmed.

Failure to comply with these rules might also make it more difficult for us to obtain certain types of insurance,
including director and officer liability insurance, and we might be forced to accept reduced policy limits and
coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these events
could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board of
Directors, on committees of our Board of Directors or as members of senior management.

We do not intend to pay dividends in the foreseeable future.

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our Class A or Class B common stock and do not intend to pay
any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings to grow
our business and for general corporate purposes. Moreover, our outstanding Credit Agreement contains prohibitions
on the payment of cash dividends on our capital stock. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their Class A
common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their
investments.

Provisions in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law may prevent or frustrate attempts by our
stockholders to change our management or hinder efforts to acquire a controlling interest in us, and the market
price of our Class A common stock may be lower as a result.

There are provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws that may make it difficult for a third-party to
acquire, or attempt to acquire, control of Roku, even if a change in control was considered favorable by our
stockholders.

Our charter documents also contain other provisions that could have an anti-takeover effect, such as:
                                                                                                                   
  •  establishing a classified Board of Directors so that not all members of our Board of Directors are elected    
     at one time;                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •  permitting the Board of Directors to establish the number of directors and fill any vacancies and newly       
     created directorships;                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
                                                              
  •  providing that directors may only be removed for cause;  
                                                              
                                                   
  •  prohibiting cumulative voting for directors;  
                                                   
                                                                                                               
  •  requiring super-majority voting to amend some provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws;  
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
  •  authorizing the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock that our Board of Directors could use to implement  
     a stockholder rights plan;                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                        
  •  eliminating the ability of stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders;  
                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
  •  prohibiting stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a    
     meeting of our stockholders; and                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
                                                                     
  •  reflecting our two classes of common stock as described above.  
                                                                     
Moreover, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, which prohibit a person who owns 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock from merging
or combining with us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired in
excess of 15% of our outstanding voting stock, unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed manner.
Any provision in our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or
deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their
shares of our Class A common stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our
Class A common stock.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware
and the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forums for substantially all
disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable
judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees.*

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware
is the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law:
                                                        69                                                         
                                                                 
  •  any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf;  
                                                                 
                                                       
  •  any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty;  
                                                       
                                                                                                                   
  •  any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, our         
     amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our bylaws;                                              
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                    
  •  or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine.  
                                                                                                    
This provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any
other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act
creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both
state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims.

To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings
by different courts, among other considerations, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides
that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any
complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. In December 2018, the Delaware Chancery
Court issued a ruling invalidating such provision, which we appealed to the Supreme Court of the State of Delaware.
In March 2020, the Supreme Court of the State of Delaware reversed the ruling of the Delaware Chancery Court and
held that the federal forum provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation is facially valid.

While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder
may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions. In
such instance, we would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum
provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. This may require significant additional costs
associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions and there can be no assurance that the provisions will
be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions.

These exclusive-forum provisions may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it
finds favorable for certain disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage
lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. If a court were to find either exclusive-forum
provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an
action, we may incur further significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other
jurisdictions, all of which could harm our business.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.                                           │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
None.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.                                                                       │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
None.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.                                                                               │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Not applicable.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 5. Other Information.                                                                                     │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
None.
                                                        70                                                         
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 6. Exhibits.                                                                                              │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                                                                   
                                                                 Incorporation by reference                        
  Exhibit   Description                                   Form   SEC File No.                Exhibit  Filing Date  
  Number                                                                                                           
  3.1       Amended and Restated Certificate of           8-K    001-38211                       3.1  10/03/2017   
            Incorporation of Roku, Inc.                                                                            
  3.2       Amended and Restated Bylaws of Roku, Inc.     S-1    333-220318                      3.4  9/01/2017    
  4.1       Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1 through                                                              
            3.2.                                                                                                   
  4.2       Form of Class A common stock certificate.     S-1/A  333-220318                      4.1  9/18/2017    
  10.1#     Roku, Inc. Amended and Restated Severance     8-K    001-38211                      99.1  7/16/2019    
            Benefit Plan                                                                                           
            Equity Distribution Agreement, dated May 13,                                                           
  10.2      2020, by and among Roku, Inc., Morgan         8-K    001-38211                       1.1  5/13/2020    
            Stanley & Co. LLC and Citigroup Global                                                                 
            Markets Inc.                                                                                           
  10.3#     Executive Supplemental Stock Option Program   8-K    001-38211                      10.1  10/06/2020   
            2021 Enrollment Form.                                                                                  
            Forms of Option Grant Notice and Executive                                                             
  10.4#     Supplemental Stock Option Agreement and       8-K    001-38211                      10.2  12/07/2018   
            Option Grant Notice under 2017 Equity                                                                  
            Incentive Plan.                                                                                        
            Forms of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice                                                            
  10.5*     and Award Agreement under 2017 Equity                                                                  
            Incentive Plan.                                                                                        
  10.6*     Forms of Option Grant Notice and Award                                                                 
            Agreement under 2017 Equity Incentive Plan.                                                            
            Certification of Principal Executive Officer                                                           
            Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a)                                                              
  31.1*     under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,                                                             
            as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the                                                              
            Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.                                                                            
            Certification of Principal Financial Officer                                                           
            Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a)                                                              
  31.2*     under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,                                                             
            as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the                                                              
            Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.                                                                            
            Certification of Principal Executive Officer                                                           
  32.1**    Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as                                                                 
            Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the                                                                 
            Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.                                                                            
            Certification of Principal Financial Officer                                                           
  32.2**    Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as                                                                 
            Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the                                                                 
            Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.                                                                            
            Inline XBRL Instance Document- the instance                                                            
  101.INS*  document does not appear in the Interactive                                                            
            Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded                                                           
            within the Inline XBRL document.                                                                       
  101.SCH*  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema                                                                  
            Document                                                                                               
  101.CAL*  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation                                                             
            Linkbase Document                                                                                      
  101.DEF*  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition                                                              
            Linkbase Document                                                                                      
  101.LAB*  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label                                                                   
            Linkbase Document                                                                                      
  101.PRE*  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation                                                            
            Linkbase Document                                                                                      
            The cover page from the Company’s Quarterly                                                            
  104       Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended                                                              
            September 30, 2020, has been formatted in                                                              
            Inline XBRL.                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                 
  #  Indicates management contract or compensatory plan, contract or agreement.  
                                                                                 
                      
  *  Filed herewith.  
                      
** These exhibits are furnished with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and are not deemed filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission and are not incorporated by reference in any filing of Roku, Inc. under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or
after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filings.
                                                        71                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                    SIGNATURES                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
                                                                               
                                 Roku, Inc.                                    
  Date: November 6, 2020    By:  /s/ Anthony Wood                              
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                 Anthony Wood                                  
                                 President and Chief Executive Officer         
                                 (Principal Executive Officer)                 
  Date: November 6, 2020    By:  /s/ Steve Louden                              
                                 Steve Louden                                  
                                 Chief Financial Officer                       
                                 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  
                                                                               
                                                        72                                                         
