                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              Washington, D.C. 20549                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                      Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934                       
                                                                                                                   
                          Date of Report (date of earliest event reported): July 20, 2021                          
                                                                                                                   
                                               JPMorgan Chase & Co.                                                
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                               
                                                                                                                   
  Delaware                                                          1-5805                             13-2624428  
  (State or other jurisdiction of                                   -Commission File Number      -I.R.S. employer  
  incorporation or organization)                                                               identification no.  
  383 Madison Avenue,                                                                                              
                                           New York,    New York                                            10179  
  (Address of principal executive                                                                       -Zip Code  
  offices)                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                        Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 212) 270-6000                        
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
                                                                                              
  ☐    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                              
                                                                                               
  ☐    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                               
                            Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                            
                                                                                                              
  Title of each class                         Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common stock                                JPM                  The New York Stock Exchange                
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR D             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 5.75% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series DD                                                                                                   
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR C             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 6.00% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series EE                                                                                                   
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR J             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 4.75% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series GG                                                                                                   
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR K             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 4.55% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series JJ                                                                                                   
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR L             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 4.625% Non-Cumulative Preferred                                                                          
  Stock, Series LL                                                                                            
  Alerian MLP Index ETNs due May 24, 2024     AMJ                  NYSE Arca, Inc.                            
  Guarantee of Callable Step-Up Fixed Rate                                                                    
  Notes due April 26, 2028 of JPMorgan        JPM/28               The New York Stock Exchange                
  Chase Financial Company LLC                                                                                 
  Guarantee of Callable Fixed Rate Notes                                                                      
  due June 10, 2032 of JPMorgan Chase         JPM/32               The New York Stock Exchange                
  Financial Company LLC                                                                                       
                                                                                                              
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2
of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Item 5.02 (e) Departure of Directors or Certain officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;
Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On July 20, 2021, the independent members of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (the
“Firm”) awarded Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Dimon 1,500,000 options in the form of stock
appreciation rights.

This special award reflects the Board’s desire for Mr. Dimon to continue to lead the Firm for a further significant
number of years. In making the special award, the Board considered the importance of Mr. Dimon's continuing, long-
term stewardship of the Firm, leadership continuity, and management succession planning amidst a highly competitive
landscape for executive leadership talent. The Board also took into account other factors, including the Firm's
strong performance under Mr. Dimon’s stewardship since 2005, his exemplary leadership, and his significant
contributions to the Firm’s success during his tenure.

The options are not part of Mr. Dimon's regular annual compensation and will not be awarded on a regularly
recurring basis.

The terms of the grant are distinct from, and are generally more restrictive than, other equity grants regularly
awarded by the Firm. The options will have an exercise price equal to the average of the high and low prices of
JPMorgan Chase & Co. common stock on July 20, 2021 (the “Effective Date”). The options have a ten-year term, will
become exercisable no earlier than July 20, 2026, or five years after the Effective Date, and are subject to
clawback and recovery provisions 1 . Vesting is subject to continuous leadership of the Firm, with certain limited
exceptions.

Moreover, net shares delivered from the exercise of the options must be held until July 20, 2031, which coincides
with the end of the ten-year term of the options. Net shares received from exercise are also subject to the Firm’s
stock ownership guideline and retention requirements applicable to the Firm’s Operating Committee members.

1 Equity incentives are subject to the JPMorgan Chase Bonus Recoupment Policy which applies in the event of a
material restatement of the Firm's financial results. In addition, all equity awards granted in 2021 contain
recapture provisions that enable the Firm to cancel outstanding awards and/or recover the value of certain stock
distributed under the award in specified circumstances. In addition to recapture provisions, portions of equity
awards awarded to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are also subject to Protection-based Vesting provisions
under which awards may be cancelled as determined by the Compensation & Management Development Committee of the
Board of Directors and ratified by the Board of Directors.

A copy of the Terms and Conditions of the award is attached as Exhibit 99. The information set forth in Exhibit 99
shall be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
                                                                                                                   
   Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
(d) Exhibit
                                                                                                                   
                 Description of Exhibit                                                                            
  Exhibit No.    Terms and Conditions of July 20, 2021 Stock Appreciation Rights - Chairman/Chief Executive        
  99             Officer                                                                                           
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  101            Pursuant to Rule 406 of Regulation S-T, the cover page is formatted in Inline XBRL (Inline        
                 eXtensible Business Reporting Language).                                                          
  104            Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in        
                 Exhibit 101).                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                         2                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                     SIGNATURE                                                     
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                        
  JPMorgan Chase & Co.  
  (Registrant)          
                        
                                
  By:    /s/ John H. Tribolati  
         John H. Tribolati      
         Corporate Secretary    
                                
                           
  Dated:    July 20, 2021  
 ───────────────────────── 
                           
                                                         3                                                         
