UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (date of earliest event reported): March 16, 2021
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                                        
                                                                                                              
  Delaware                                    1-5805                                              13-2624428  
  (State or other jurisdiction of             -Commission File Number    -I.R.S. employer identification no.  
  incorporation or organization)                                                                              
  383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York                                                               10179  
  (Address of principal executive offices)                                                         -Zip Code  
                                                                                                              
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (212) 270-6000 Check the appropriate box below if the Form     
8-Kfiling is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following 
provisions:                                                                                                        
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                                                   
  Title of each class                              Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common stock                                     JPM                  The New York Stock Exchange                
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                           
  one-four hundredth interest in a share of        JPM PR G             The New York Stock Exchange                
  6.10% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series                                                                     
  AA                                                                                                               
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                           
  one-four hundredth interest in a share of        JPM PR H             The New York Stock Exchange                
  6.15% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series                                                                     
  BB                                                                                                               
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                           
  one-four hundredth interest in a share of        JPM PR D             The New York Stock Exchange                
  5.75% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series                                                                     
  DD                                                                                                               
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                           
  one-four hundredth interest in a share of        JPM PR C             The New York Stock Exchange                
  6.00% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series                                                                     
  EE                                                                                                               
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                           
  one-four hundredth interest in a share           JPM PR J             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 4.75% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                         
  Series GG                                                                                                        
  Alerian MLP Index ETNs due May 24, 2024          AMJ                  NYSE Arca, Inc.                            
  Guarantee of Callable Step-Up Fixed Rate                                                                         
  Notes due April 26, 2028 of JPMorgan             JPM/28               The New York Stock Exchange                
  Chase Financial Company LLC                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 
of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                                                                   
  Item 3.03.  Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders  
                                                                   
On March 17, 2021, JPMorgan Chase & Co. (the “Company”) issued 150,000 shares (the “Shares”) of the Company’s 4.55%
Non-CumulativePreferred Stock, Series JJ, par value of $1.00 per share and with a liquidation preference of $10,000
per share (the “Series JJ Preferred Stock”), which Shares were deposited against delivery of depositary receipts   
(the “Depositary Receipts”) evidencing 60,000,000 depositary shares (the “Depositary Shares”), each representing a 
1/400th interest in a Share, issued by Computershare Inc., as depositary. Under the terms of the Series JJ         
Preferred Stock, the ability of the Company to pay dividends on, make distributions with respect to, or to redeem, 
purchase or acquire, or make a liquidation payment on its common stock or any preferred stock ranking on a parity  
with or junior to the Series JJ Preferred Stock, will be subject to restrictions in the event that the Company does
not declare dividends on the Series JJ Preferred Stock for the most recently completed dividend period or, in the  
case of any such liquidation payment, does not pay to holders of the Series JJ Preferred Stock liquidation         
distributions of $10,000 per Share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends. The terms of the Series JJ Preferred   
Stock are more fully described in the Certificate of Designations (as defined below), which establishes the rights,
preferences, privileges, qualifications, restrictions and limitations relating to the Series JJ Preferred Stock.   
Copies of the Certificate of Designations and the form of certificate representing the Series JJ Preferred Stock   
are included as Exhibit 3.1 and Exhibit 4.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-Kand are incorporated  
by reference herein. The terms of the Depositary Shares are set forth in the Deposit Agreement, dated March 17,    
2021, among the Company, Computershare Inc., as depositary, and the holders from time to time of the Depositary    
Receipts issued thereunder (the “Deposit Agreement”) and the form of Depositary Receipt. Copies of the Deposit     
Agreement and the form of Depositary Receipt are included as Exhibit 4.2 and Exhibit 4.3, respectively, to this    
Current Report on Form 8-Kand are incorporated by reference herein.                                                
                                                                                         
  Item 5.03.  Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.  
                                                                                         
On March 16, 2021, the Company filed a Certificate of Designations, Powers, Preferences and Rights with the        
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, establishing the rights, preferences, privileges, qualifications,     
restrictions and limitations relating to the Series JJ Preferred Stock (the “Certificate of Designations”). The    
Certificate of Designations became effective with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware upon filing. A   
copy of the Certificate of Designations is included as Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-Kand is        
incorporated by reference herein.                                                                                  
                             
  Item 8.01.  Other Events.  
                             
On March 17, 2021, the Company completed the issuance and sale of 150,000 Shares, which Shares were deposited      
against delivery of Depositary Receipts evidencing 60,000,000 Depositary Shares, pursuant to an Underwriting       
Agreement, dated March 10, 2021, among the Company, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and the other several underwriters  
named therein. The sale of the Depositary Shares was made pursuant to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form 
S-3(File No. 333-230098).In connection with this offering, the legal opinion as to the legality of the Depositary  
Shares and the Series JJ Preferred Stock is being filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.         
                                                 
  Item 9.01.  Financial Statements and Exhibits  
                                                 
(d) Exhibits                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
         Certificate of Designations, Powers, Preferences and Rights of JPMorgan Chase & Co., establishing the     
         rights, preferences, privileges, qualifications, restrictions and                                         
  3.1    limitations relating to the 4.55% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series JJ, filed March 16, 2021.        
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  4.1    Form of certificate representing the Series JJ Preferred Stock.                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
          Deposit Agreement, dated March 17, 2021, among JPMorgan Chase & Co., Computershare Inc., as depositary,  
          and the holders                                                                                          
  4.2     from time to time of Depositary Receipts.                                                                
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  4.3     Form of Depositary Receipt (included as part of Exhibit 4.2).                                            
  5.1     Opinion of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP as to the legality of the 4.55% Non-Cumulative Preferred       
          Stock, Series JJ and the Depositary Shares.                                                              
  23.1    Consent of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP (included as part of Exhibit 5.1).                             
  101     Pursuant to Rule 406 of Regulation S-T, the cover page is formatted in Inline XBRL (Inline eXtensible    
          Business Reporting Language).                                                                            
  104     Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit       
          101).                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                     
          JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.                       
          -Registrant                                
  By:                           /s/ Jordan A. Costa  
  Name:                         Jordan A. Costa      
  Title:                        Managing Director    
                                                     
Dated: March 17, 2021                                                                                              
