                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              Washington, D.C. 20549                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                          Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                      of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934                                       
                                                                                                                   
                          Date of Report (date of earliest event reported): July 12, 2024                          
                                                                                                                   
                                               JPMorgan Chase & Co.                                                
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                               
                                                                                                                   
  Delaware                                                          1-5805                             13-2624428  
  (State or other jurisdiction of                                   -Commission File Number      -I.R.S. employer  
  incorporation or organization)                                                               identification no.  
  383 Madison Avenue,                                                                                              
                                           New York,    New York                                            10179  
  (Address of principal executive                                                                       -Zip Code  
  offices)                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                        Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 212) 270-6000                        
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
                                                                                              
  ☐    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                              
                                                                                               
  ☐    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                               
                            Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                            
                                                                                                              
  Title of each class                         Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common stock                                JPM                  The New York Stock Exchange                
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR D             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 5.75% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series DD                                                                                                   
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR C             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 6.00% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series EE                                                                                                   
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR J             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 4.75% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series GG                                                                                                   
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR K             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 4.55% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series JJ                                                                                                   
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR L             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 4.625% Non-Cumulative Preferred                                                                          
  Stock, Series LL                                                                                            
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR M             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 4.20% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series MM                                                                                                   
  Guarantee of Callable Fixed Rate Notes                                                                      
  due June 10, 2032 of JPMorgan Chase         JPM/32               The New York Stock Exchange                
  Financial Company LLC                                                                                       
  Guarantee of Alerian MLP Index ETNs due                                                                     
  January 28, 2044 of JPMorgan Chase          AMJB                 NYSE Arca, Inc.                            
  Financial Company LLC                                                                                       
                                                                                                              
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2
of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition

On July 12, 2024, JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“JPMorgan Chase” or the “Firm”) reported 2024 second quarter net income of
$18.1 billion, or $6.12 per share, compared with net income of $14.5 billion, or $4.75 per share, in the second
quarter of 2023. A copy of the 2024 second quarter earnings release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1, and a copy
of the earnings release financial supplement is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2.

Each of the Exhibits provided with this Form 8-K shall be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934.

This Current Report on Form 8-K (including the Exhibits hereto) contains forward-looking statements within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on the current beliefs
and expectations of JPMorgan Chase’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual
results may differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause JPMorgan
Chase’s actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in
JPMorgan Chase’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the quarter ended March 31, 2024, which have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are
available on JPMorgan Chase’s website ( https://jpmorganchaseco.gcs-web.com/financial-information/sec-filings ) and
on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website ( www.sec.gov ). JPMorgan Chase does not undertake to update
any forward-looking statements.
                                                                                                                   
  Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
(d) Exhibits
                                                                                                                   
  Exhibit No.    Description of Exhibit                                                                            
  99.1           JPMorgan Chase & Co. Earnings Release - Second Quarter 2024 Results                               
  99.2           JPMorgan Chase & Co. Earnings Release Financial Supplement - Second Quarter 2024                  
  101            Pursuant to Rule 406 of Regulation S-T, the cover page is formatted in Inline XBRL (Inline        
                 eXtensible Business Reporting Language).                                                          
  104            Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in        
                 Exhibit 101).                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                         2                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                     SIGNATURE                                                     
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                        
  JPMorgan Chase & Co.  
  (Registrant)          
                        
                                                    
  By:    /s/ Elena Korablina                        
         Elena Korablina                            
         Managing Director and Firmwide Controller  
         -Principal Accounting Officer              
                                                    
                           
  Dated:    July 12, 2024  
 ───────────────────────── 
                           
                                                         3                                                         
