                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              Washington, D.C. 20549                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                          Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                      of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934                                       
                                                                                                                   
                          Date of Report (date of earliest event reported): May 15, 2024                           
                                                                                                                   
                                               JPMorgan Chase & Co.                                                
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                               
                                                                                                                   
  Delaware                                                          1-5805                             13-2624428  
  (State or other jurisdiction of                                   -Commission File Number      -I.R.S. employer  
  incorporation or organization)                                                               identification no.  
  383 Madison Avenue,                                                                                              
                                           New York,    New York                                            10179  
  (Address of principal executive                                                                       -Zip Code  
  offices)                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                        Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 212) 270-6000                        
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
                                                                                              
  ☐    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                              
                                                                                               
  ☐    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                               
                            Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                            
                                                                                                              
  Title of each class                         Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common stock                                JPM                  The New York Stock Exchange                
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR D             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 5.75% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series DD                                                                                                   
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR C             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 6.00% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series EE                                                                                                   
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR J             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 4.75% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series GG                                                                                                   
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR K             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 4.55% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series JJ                                                                                                   
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR L             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 4.625% Non-Cumulative Preferred                                                                          
  Stock, Series LL                                                                                            
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR M             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 4.20% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series MM                                                                                                   
  Alerian MLP Index ETNs due May 24, 2024     AMJ                  NYSE Arca, Inc.                            
  Guarantee of Callable Fixed Rate Notes                                                                      
  due June 10, 2032 of JPMorgan Chase         JPM/32               The New York Stock Exchange                
  Financial Company LLC                                                                                       
  Guarantee of Alerian MLP Index ETNs due                                                                     
  January 28, 2044 of JPMorgan Chase          AMJB                 NYSE Arca, Inc.                            
  Financial Company LLC                                                                                       
                                                                                                              
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2
of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
                                                                                                                   
  Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“JPMorgan Chase” or the “Firm”) is furnishing this Current Report on Form 8-K to provide
supplemental financial information reflecting the reorganization of the Firm's reportable business segments that
became effective in the second quarter of 2024, resulting in:

• The combination of the Corporate & Investment Bank and Commercial Banking business segments to form one segment
called Commercial & Investment Bank ("CIB"); and

• No impact to the Firm’s other segments.

The information contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K is being furnished pursuant to Regulation FD in order
to assist investors in understanding how the Firm's business segment results would have been presented in
previously-filed reports had the Firm's activities been organized for management reporting purposes in the manner
in which the Firm's business segments are being managed commencing in the second quarter of 2024. This Current
Report on Form 8-K includes only the financial information affected by the reorganization, does not represent a
restatement of previously-issued financial statements, and had no effect on the Firm’s previously-reported
consolidated financial information.

A copy of the supplemental financial information is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. This information is being
furnished pursuant to Item 7.01 and shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section. Furthermore, the information
contained in Exhibit 99.1 shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into the filings of the Firm under
the Securities Act of 1933.
                                                                                                                   
  Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
(d) Exhibits
                                                                                                                   
  Exhibit No.    Description of Exhibit                                                                            
  99.1           JPMorgan Chase & Co. Supplemental Financial Information (Related tothereorganization of the       
                 Firm'sReportableBusiness Segments) - Five Quarter Trend Through 1Q24 and Full Year2023 & 2022     
  101            Pursuant to Rule 406 of Regulation S-T, the cover page is formatted in Inline XBRL (Inline        
                 eXtensible Business Reporting Language).                                                          
  104            Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in        
                 Exhibit 101).                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                         2                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                     SIGNATURE                                                     
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                        
  JPMorgan Chase & Co.  
  (Registrant)          
                        
                                                    
  By:    /s/ Elena Korablina                        
         Elena Korablina                            
         Managing Director and Firmwide Controller  
         -Principal Accounting Officer              
                                                    
                          
  Dated:    May 15, 2024  
 ──────────────────────── 
                          
                                                         3                                                         
