UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (date of earliest event reported): March 11, 2024
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                                        
                                                                                                              
  Delaware                                    1-5805                                              13-2624428  
  (State or other jurisdiction of             -Commission File Number    -I.R.S. employer identification no.  
  incorporation or organization)                                                                              
  383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York                                                               10179  
  (Address of principal executive offices)                                                         -Zip Code  
                                                                                                              
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (212) 270-6000 Check the appropriate box below if the Form     
8-Kfiling is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following 
provisions:                                                                                                        
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                                                   
  Title of each class                              Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common stock                                     JPM                  The New York Stock Exchange                
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                           
  one-four hundredth interest in a share           JPM PR D             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 5.75% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                         
  Series DD                                                                                                        
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                           
  one-four hundredth interest in a share           JPM PR C             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 6.00% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                         
  Series EE                                                                                                        
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                           
  one-four hundredth interest in a share           JPM PR J             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 4.75% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                         
  Series GG                                                                                                        
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                           
  one-four hundredth interest in a share           JPM PR K             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 4.55% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                         
  Series JJ                                                                                                        
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                           
  one-four hundredth interest in a share           JPM PR L             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 4.625% Non-Cumulative Preferred                                                                               
  Stock, Series LL                                                                                                 
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                           
  one-four hundredth interest in a share           JPM PR M             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 4.20% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                         
  Series MM                                                                                                        
  Alerian MLP Index ETNs due May 24, 2024          AMJ                  NYSE Arca, Inc.                            
  Guarantee of Callable Fixed Rate Notes due                                                                       
  June 10, 2032 of JPMorgan                        JPM/32               The New York Stock Exchange                
  Chase Financial Company LLC                                                                                      
  Guarantee of Alerian MLP Index ETNs due                                                                          
  January 28, 2044 of JPMorgan Chase               AMJB                 NYSE Arca, Inc.                            
  Financial Company LLC                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 
of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                                                                    
  Item 3.03.  Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders.  
                                                                    
On March 12, 2024, JPMorgan Chase & Co. (the “Company”) issued 250,000 shares (the “Shares”) of the Company’s      
6.875% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-CumulativePreferred Stock, Series NN, par value of $1.00 per share and with a          
liquidation preference of $10,000 per share (the “Series NN Preferred Stock”), which Shares were deposited against 
delivery of depositary receipts (the “Depositary Receipts”) evidencing 2,500,000 depositary shares (the “Depositary
Shares”), each representing a one-tenthinterest in a Share, issued by Computershare Inc., as depositary. Under the 
terms of the Series NN Preferred Stock, the ability of the Company to pay dividends on, make distributions with    
respect to, or to redeem, purchase or acquire, or make a liquidation payment on its common stock or any preferred  
stock ranking on a parity with or junior to the Series NN Preferred Stock, will be subject to restrictions in the  
event that the Company does not declare dividends on the Series NN Preferred Stock for the most recently completed 
dividend period or, in the case of any such liquidation payment, does not pay to holders of the Series NN Preferred
Stock liquidation distributions of $10,000 per Share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends. The terms of the     
Series NN Preferred Stock are more fully described in the Certificate of Designations (as defined below), which    
establishes the rights, preferences, privileges, qualifications, restrictions and limitations relating to the      
Series NN Preferred Stock. Copies of the Certificate of Designations and the form of certificate representing the  
Series NN Preferred Stock are included as Exhibit 3.1 and Exhibit 4.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form
8-Kand are incorporated by reference herein. The terms of the Depositary Shares are set forth in the Deposit       
Agreement, dated March 12, 2024, among the Company, Computershare Inc., as depositary, and the holders from time to
time of the Depositary Receipts issued thereunder (the “Deposit Agreement”) and the form of Depositary Receipt.    
Copies of the Deposit Agreement and the form of Depositary Receipt are included as Exhibit 4.2 and Exhibit 4.3,    
respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-Kand are incorporated by reference herein.                          
                                                                                         
  Item 5.03.  Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.  
                                                                                         
On March 11, 2024, the Company filed a Certificate of Designations, Powers, Preferences and Rights with the        
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, establishing the rights, preferences, privileges, qualifications,     
restrictions and limitations relating to the Series NN Preferred Stock (the “Certificate of Designations”). The    
Certificate of Designations became effective with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware upon filing. A   
copy of the Certificate of Designations is included as Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-Kand is        
incorporated by reference herein.                                                                                  
                             
  Item 8.01.  Other Events.  
                             
On March 12, 2024, the Company completed the issuance and sale of 250,000 Shares, which Shares were deposited      
against delivery of Depositary Receipts evidencing 2,500,000 Depositary Shares, pursuant to an Underwriting        
Agreement, dated March 5, 2024, among the Company, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and the other several underwriters   
named therein. The sale of the Depositary Shares was made pursuant to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form 
S-3(File No. 333-263304),as amended. In connection with this offering, the legal opinion as to the legality of the 
Depositary Shares and the Series NN Preferred Stock is being filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report on Form   
8-K.                                                                                                               
                                                  
  Item 9.01.  Financial Statements and Exhibits.  
                                                  
(d) Exhibits                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
          Certificate of Designations, Powers, Preferences and Rights of JPMorgan Chase & Co., establishing the    
          rights, preferences, privileges, qualifications, restrictions and limitations                            
          relating to the 6.875% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series NN, filed March 11,       
  3.1     2024.                                                                                                    
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  4.1     Form of certificate representing the Series NN Preferred Stock.                                          
  4.2     Deposit Agreement, dated March 12, 2024, among JPMorgan Chase & Co., Computershare Inc., as depositary,  
          and the holders from time to time of Depositary Receipts.                                                
  4.3     Form of Depositary Receipt (included as part of Exhibit 4.2).                                            
  5.1     Opinion of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP as to the legality of the 6.875% Fixed-Rate Reset              
          Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series NN and the Depositary Shares.                                     
  23.1    Consent of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP (included as part of Exhibit 5.1).                             
  101     Pursuant to Rule 406 of Regulation S-T, the cover page is formatted in Inline XBRL (Inline eXtensible    
          Business Reporting Language).                                                                            
  104     Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit       
          101).                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                     
          JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.                       
          -Registrant                                
  By:                           /s/ Jordan A. Costa  
  Name:                         Jordan A. Costa      
  Title:                        Managing Director    
                                                     
Dated: March 12, 2024                                                                                              
