                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              Washington, D.C. 20549                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934                                        
                                                                                                                   
                          Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 7, 2023                          
                                                                                                                   
                                               Meta Platforms, Inc.                                                
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                               
                                                                     
  Delaware                        001-35551      20-1665019          
  (State or Other Jurisdiction    -Commission    -IRS Employer       
  of Incorporation)               File Number    Identification No.  
                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                  1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California 94025                                   
                                                                                                                   
                               (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code)                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                  ( 650) 543-4800                                                  
                                                                                                                   
                               (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                        N/A                                                        
                                                                                                                   
                           (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)                           
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
                                                                                                               
  ☐    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)                   
  ☐    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)                  
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                               
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                                                                         
  Title of each class                    Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Class A Common Stock, $0.000006 par    META                 The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  value                                                                                                  
                                                                                                         
                                                                                 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant                                  
  is an emerging growth company as defined in                                    
  Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933                                         
  (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the                                
  Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of                                 
  this chapter).                                                                 
                                                   Emerging growth company    ☐  
  If an emerging growth company, indicate by                                     
  check mark if the registrant has elected not to                                
  use the extended transition period for                                      ☐  
  complying with any new or revised financial                                    
  accounting standards provided pursuant to                                      
  Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.                                             
                                                                                 
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;
Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

As previously disclosed by Meta Platforms, Inc. (the “Company”), on January 27, 2023, Susan J.S. Taylor notified
the Company of her intent to resign as Chief Accounting Officer of the Company after a transition period. On April
7, 2023, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of the Company appointed Aaron Anderson, age 50, to serve as Chief
Accounting Officer of the Company, effective April 17, 2023, and to serve as principal accounting officer of the
Company following a transition period ending no later than May 11, 2023. Ms. Taylor will continue to serve as the
Company’s principal accounting officer for the transition period.

Mr. Anderson previously served in various roles at PayPal Holdings, Inc., a digital payments company, including
SVP, Global Treasurer from 2021 to 2022, Global Treasurer from 2020 to 2021, and Chief Accounting Officer from 2015
to 2020. Mr. Anderson holds an M.P.A. in Accounting and a B.S. and B.A. in Economics and Accounting from the
University of Nebraska-Lincoln.

There are no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Anderson and any other persons pursuant to which he was
appointed as Chief Accounting Officer, and no family relationships among any of the Company’s directors or
executive officers and Mr. Anderson. Mr. Anderson has no direct or indirect material interest in any transaction
required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.

Mr. Anderson will receive an annual base salary of $575,000. Mr. Anderson will also participate in the Company’s
annual Bonus Plan, under which he will have an individual bonus target of 75% of his annual base salary. In
addition, Mr. Anderson will receive a grant of restricted stock units (“RSUs”) with an initial equity value of $4.5
million. The RSUs will vest quarterly over four years, beginning on August 15, 2023, subject to continued service
through each vesting date.

In addition, the Company intends to enter into its standard form of indemnification agreement with Mr. Anderson. A
form of the indemnification agreement was previously filed by the Company as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current
Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-35551), as originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April
15, 2019.
                                                                                                                   
                                                    SIGNATURES                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                                                                           
                             META PLATFORMS, INC.                                                          
  Date:    April 10, 2023    By:                     /s/ Katherine R. Kelly                                
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                             Name:                   Katherine R. Kelly                                    
                             Title:                  Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Secretary  
                                                                                                           
