                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              Washington, D.C. 20549                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934                                        
                                                                                                                   
                         Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 14, 2023                          
                                                                                                                   
                                               Meta Platforms, Inc.                                                
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                               
                                                                     
  Delaware                        001-35551      20-1665019          
  (State or Other Jurisdiction    -Commission    -IRS Employer       
  of Incorporation)               File Number    Identification No.  
                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                  1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California 94025                                   
                                                                                                                   
                               (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code)                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                  ( 650) 543-4800                                                  
                                                                                                                   
                               (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                        N/A                                                        
                                                                                                                   
                           (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)                           
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
                                                                                                               
  ☐    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)                   
  ☐    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)                  
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                               
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                                                                         
  Title of each class                    Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Class A Common Stock, $0.000006 par    META                 The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  value                                                                                                  
                                                                                                         
                                                                                 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant                                  
  is an emerging growth company as defined in                                    
  Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933                                         
  (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the                                
  Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of                                 
  this chapter).                                                                 
                                                   Emerging growth company    ☐  
  If an emerging growth company, indicate by                                     
  check mark if the registrant has elected not to                                
  use the extended transition period for                                      ☐  
  complying with any new or revised financial                                    
  accounting standards provided pursuant to                                      
  Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.                                             
                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
  Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
On March 14, 2023, Meta Platforms, Inc. ("Meta," "we" or "our") published a Newsroom post with more details about
our year of efficiency, including planned layoffs. A copy of Meta's Newsroom post is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to
this report. We are also providing a preliminary update to our total expense outlook provided on our conference
call held on February 1, 2023. As of today, we expect our full-year 2023 total expenses to be in the range of
$86-92 billion, lowered from $89-95 billion previously. This includes the anticipated impact of these layoffs and
other cost reduction measures, and is inclusive of restructuring costs of approximately $3-5 billion related to
facilities consolidation charges and severance and other personnel costs.

The information furnished with this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of
Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the
liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any other filing under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in
such a filing.

This Current Report on Form 8-K and the accompanying Newsroom post contain forward-looking statements regarding
Meta's future business plans and expectations, including statements relating to Meta's expectations with respect to
its 2023 financial outlook. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and may differ materially from
actual results due to a variety of factors, including: the impact of macroeconomic conditions on our business and
financial results; risks associated with new products and changes to existing products as well as other new
business initiatives, including our metaverse efforts; maintaining and enhancing our brand and reputation; our
ongoing privacy, safety, security, and content review efforts; potential adverse outcomes in litigation and
government inquiries, including settlements, judgments, fines, or other monetary penalties; privacy, legislative,
and regulatory concerns or developments; risks associated with acquisitions and divestitures; security breaches;
our ability to manage our scale and geographically-dispersed operations; and the impact of our cost-reduction
initiatives, including the planned layoff. Because some of these risks and uncertainties cannot be predicted or
quantified and some are beyond Meta's control, you should not rely on forward-looking statements as predictions of
future events. More information about potential risks and uncertainties that could affect our business and
financial results is more fully detailed under the caption "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
with the SEC on February 2, 2023, which is available on our Investor Relations website at investor.fb.com and on
the SEC website at www.sec.go v . In addition, please note that the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K and the
accompanying Newsroom post is March 14, 2023, and any forward-looking statements contained herein are based on
assumptions that Meta believes to be reasonable as of this date. Meta undertakes no obligation to update these
statements as a result of new information or future events.
                                                                                                                   
   Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
(d) Exhibits
                                                                                                                   
  Exhibit Number    Exhibit Title or Description                                                                   
  99.1              Newsroom Post dated March14, 2023                                                              
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  104               Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the inline      
                    XBRL document)                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                    SIGNATURES                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                                                                           
                             META PLATFORMS, INC.                                                          
  Date:    March 14, 2023    By:                     /s/ Katherine R. Kelly                                
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                             Name:                   Katherine R. Kelly                                    
                             Title:                  Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Secretary  
                                                                                                           
