                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              Washington, D.C. 20549                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934                                        
                                                                                                                   
                        Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 9, 2023                         
                                                                                                                   
                                               Meta Platforms, Inc.                                                
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                               
                                                                     
  Delaware                        001-35551      20-1665019          
  (State or Other Jurisdiction    -Commission    -IRS Employer       
  of Incorporation)               File Number    Identification No.  
                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                  1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California 94025                                   
                                                                                                                   
                               (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code)                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                  ( 650) 543-4800                                                  
                                                                                                                   
                               (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                        N/A                                                        
                                                                                                                   
                           (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)                           
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
                                                                                                               
  ☐    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)                   
  ☐    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)                  
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                               
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                                                                         
  Title of each class                    Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Class A Common Stock, $0.000006 par    META                 The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  value                                                                                                  
                                                                                                         
                                                                                 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant                                  
  is an emerging growth company as defined in                                    
  Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933                                         
  (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the                                
  Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of                                 
  this chapter).                                                                 
                                                   Emerging growth company    ☐  
  If an emerging growth company, indicate by                                     
  check mark if the registrant has elected not to                                
  use the extended transition period for                                      ☐  
  complying with any new or revised financial                                    
  accounting standards provided pursuant to                                      
  Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.                                             
                                                                                 
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;
Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

As previously disclosed, the Compensation, Nominating & Governance Committee (the “Committee”) of the Board of
Directors of Meta Platforms, Inc. (“Meta”) has authorized an overall security program for Mark Zuckerberg to
address safety concerns due to specific threats to his safety arising directly as a result of his position as
Meta’s founder, Chairman, and CEO. Meta requires security measures for the company’s benefit because of the
importance of Mr. Zuckerberg to Meta. The Committee regularly reviews Mr. Zuckerberg’s security program and the
related costs, which vary from year to year depending on requisite security measures, Mr. Zuckerberg’s travel
schedule, and other factors.

In 2018, the Committee approved an annual pre-tax allowance of $10 million to Mr. Zuckerberg to cover additional
costs related to his and his family’s personal security. This allowance is paid to Mr. Zuckerberg net of required
tax withholdings, and Mr. Zuckerberg must apply the net proceeds to pay for additional personnel, equipment,
services, residential improvements, or other security-related costs. On February 9, 2023, the Committee approved
increasing this annual pre-tax allowance to $14 million, effective immediately. In approving this increase, the
Committee considered Mr. Zuckerberg’s position and importance to Meta and the fact that Mr. Zuckerberg has
requested to receive only $1 in annual salary and does not receive any bonus payments, equity awards, or other
incentive compensation. The Committee also considered Mr. Zuckerberg’s actual spend on security-related costs,
comparative data from the peer group of companies that Meta benchmarks against for executive compensation purposes,
and other relevant information regarding executive compensation and perquisites. The Committee believes that this
increased allowance, together with the costs of Mr. Zuckerberg’s existing overall security program, are appropriate
and necessary under the circumstances.

In addition, on February 9, 2023, in connection with Susan Li’s previous appointment as Meta’s Chief Financial
Officer, the Committee approved increasing her annual base salary to $900,000, effective February 27, 2023.
                                                                                                                   
                                                    SIGNATURES                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                                                                              
                                META PLATFORMS, INC.                                                          
  Date:    February 15, 2023    By:                     /s/ Katherine R. Kelly                                
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                Name:                   Katherine R. Kelly                                    
                                Title:                  Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Secretary  
                                                                                                              
