UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): May 27, 2025
DOORDASH, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
                                                                                                 
  Delaware                         001-39759                46-2852392                           
  (State or other jurisdiction of  -Commission File Number  -I.R.S. Employer Identification No.  
  incorporation)                                                                                 
                                                                                                 
303 2nd Street, South Tower, 8th Floor San Francisco, California 94107 (Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip Code) ( 650) 487-3970 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or
former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
                                                    
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule        
     425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                    
                                                        
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule               
     14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                        
                                                                          
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the  
     Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))                                   
                                                                          
                                                                    
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant                       
     to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                    
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                                                              
  Title of each class                              Trading    Name of each exchange on which  
                                                   Symbol(s)  registered                      
  Class A common stock, par value of $0.00001 per  DASH       The Nasdaq Stock Market         
  share                                                                                       
                                                                                              
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR §230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR §240.12b-2).
Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not
to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided
pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
                             
  Item 8.01.  Other Events.  
                             
On May 27, 2025, DoorDash, Inc. (the “Company”) issued a press release announcing the pricing of its $2.5 billion
aggregate principal amount of 0% convertible senior notes due 2030 (the “notes”) in a private offering to qualified
institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The size of the
offering was increased from the previously announced $2.0 billion aggregate principal amount of notes. The Company
also announced that it granted to the initial purchasers of the notes an option to purchase, for settlement within
a period of 13 days from, and including, the date the notes are first issued, up to an additional $250.0 million
aggregate principal amount of notes. In connection with the pricing of the notes, the Company entered into
privately negotiated convertible note hedge transactions and warrant transactions with one or more of the initial
purchasers of the notes or their respective affiliates and/or other financial institutions. A copy of the press
release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. Neither this Current Report on
Form 8-K nor the press release attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 constitutes an offer to sell, or the solicitation of
an offer to buy, the notes or the shares of the Company’s Class A common stock, if any, issuable upon conversion of
the notes.
                                                  
  Item 9.01.  Financial Statements and Exhibits.  
                                                  
(d) Exhibits.
                                                                                           
  Exhibit                                                                                  
  No.        Description                                                                   
  99.1       Press Release issued by DoorDash, Inc., dated May 27, 2025.                   
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  104        Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).  
                                                                                           
SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                       
                              DOORDASH, INC.           
  Date: May 28, 2025  By:     /s/ Tony Xu              
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                      Name:   Tony Xu                  
                      Title:  Chief Executive Officer  
                                                       
