UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) October 11,    
2023 Microsoft Corporation                                                                                         
                                                                                               
  Washington                        001-37845                 91-1144442                       
  (State or Other Jurisdictionof    -CommissionFile Number    -IRS EmployerIdentification No.  
  Incorporation)                                                                               
                                                                                               
                                                        
  One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington    98052-6399  
                                                        
( 425) 882-8080 www.microsoft.com/investor Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-Kfiling is intended to    
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General  
Instruction A.2. below):                                                                                           
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                                     
  Title of each class                        Trading Symbol    Name of exchange on which registered  
  Common stock, $0.00000625 par value per    MSFT              NASDAQ                                
  share                                                                                              
  3.125% Notes due 2028                      MSFT              NASDAQ                                
  2.625% Notes due 2033                      MSFT              NASDAQ                                
                                                                                                     
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2of
this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant   
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                                                                                                                   
Item 8.01. Other Information On October 11, 2023, Microsoft Corporation announced the receipt of Notices of        
Proposed Adjustment (“NOPAs”) from the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) for the tax years 2004 to 2013. The    
NOPAs were received on September 26, 2023. The primary issues in the NOPAs relate to intercompany transfer pricing.
In the NOPAs, the IRS is seeking an additional tax payment of $28.9 billion plus penalties and interest. As of     
September 30, 2023, we believe our allowances for income tax contingencies are adequate. We disagree with the      
proposed adjustments and will vigorously contest the NOPAs through the IRS’s administrative appeals office and, if 
necessary, judicial proceedings. We do not expect a final resolution of these issues in the next 12 months. Based  
on the information currently available, we do not anticipate a significant increase or decrease to our tax         
contingencies for these issues within the next 12 months. This Form 8-Kcontains forward-looking statements, which  
are any predictions, projections or other statements about future events based on current expectations and         
assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in our filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Readers are cautioned not 
to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and Microsoft undertakes no duty to update any forward-looking
statement to conform the statement to actual results or changes in the company’s expectations. Item 9.01. Financial
Statements and Exhibits (d) Exhibits:                                                                              
                                                                                       
  99.1    Microsoft on the Issues Blog                                                 
  104     Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)  
                                                                                       
SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                                           
                            MICROSOFT CORPORATION                          
                            (Registrant)                                   
  Date: October 11, 2023    /S/ ALICE L. JOLLA                             
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                            Alice L. Jolla                                 
                            Corporate Vice President and Chief Accounting  
                            Officer                                        
                                                                           
