UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (date of earliest event reported): November 6,   
2023 MICROSOFT CORPORATION (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                                  
                                                                                
  Washington                      001-37845                 91-1144442          
  (State or other jurisdiction    -CommissionFile Number    -IRS Employer       
  of incorporation)                                         Identification No.  
                                                                                
                                                          
  One Microsoft WayRedmond, Washington        98052-6399  
  (Address of principal executive offices)    -Zip Code   
                                                          
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 425) 882-8080 (Former name or former address, if changed     
since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-Kfiling is intended to simultaneously satisfy the 
filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( seeGeneral Instruction A.2):           
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                                    
  Title of each class                        Trading      Name of each exchangeon which registered  
                                             Symbol(s)                                              
  Common stock, $0.00000625 par value per    MSFT         NASDAQ                                    
  share                                                                                             
  3.125% Notes due 2028                      MSFT         NASDAQ                                    
  2.625% Notes due 2033                      MSFT         NASDAQ                                    
                                                                                                    
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2of
this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant   
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                            
  Item 8.01  Other Events.  
                            
Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations On November 6, 2023, Microsoft Corporation (“Microsoft”) completed the   
early settlement (the “Early Settlement”) of Existing Activision Blizzard Notes (as defined below) as part of its  
previously-announced private offers to eligible holders to exchange (each, an “Exchange Offer” and, collectively,  
the “Exchange Offers”) any and all outstanding notes issued by Activision Blizzard, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Microsoft (“Activision Blizzard”) as set forth in the table below (the “Existing Activision Blizzard Notes”) for
(1) new notes issued by Microsoft and (2) cash. The Exchange Offers were not registered under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or any state or foreign securities laws. Concurrently with the Exchange   
Offers, Activision Blizzard solicited consents (each, a “Consent Solicitation” and, collectively, the “Consent     
Solicitations”) to adopt certain proposed amendments (the “Amendments”) to each of the indentures governing the    
Existing Activision Blizzard Notes (the “Existing Activision Blizzard Indentures”) to eliminate certain of the     
covenants, restrictive provisions and events of default of such Existing Activision Blizzard Indentures. Pursuant  
to the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations, the aggregate principal amounts of the Existing Activision       
Blizzard Notes set forth in the table below were validly tendered and subsequently accepted. Such accepted Existing
Activision Blizzard Notes were retired and canceled and will not be reissued. Following such cancellation, the     
aggregate principal amounts of the Existing Activision Blizzard Notes set forth below remains outstanding.         
                                                                                                                   
                                  Aggregate                                                                        
                                  Principal Amount                                                      Aggregate  
  Title of Series of              Tendered and                                                   Principal Amount  
  Existing Activision             Accepted at Early                                                   Outstanding  
  Blizzard Notes                  Settlement                                           Following Early Settlement  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  3.400% Senior Notes due      $                                $    762,456,000    $                  87,544,000  
  2026                                                                                                             
  3.400% Senior Notes due      $                                $    353,183,000    $                  43,817,000  
  2027                                                                                                             
  1.350% Senior Notes due      $                                $    442,842,000    $                  57,158,000  
  2030                                                                                                             
  4.500% Senior Notes due      $                                $    391,290,000    $                   8,710,000  
  2047                                                                                                             
  2.500% Senior Notes due      $                                $  1,439,312,000    $                  60,688,000  
  2050                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
Prior to the Early Settlement and upon receipt of the requisite consents to adopt the Amendments with respect to   
the indentures governing each series of Existing Activision Blizzard Notes, the following supplemental indentures  
(collectively, the “Supplemental Activision Blizzard Indentures”) were executed, eliminating certain of the        
covenants, restrictive provisions and events of default under the Existing Activision Blizzard Indentures: (i) the 
First Supplemental Indenture, dated October 27, 2023, between Activision Blizzard, as issuer, and Computershare    
Trust Company, N.A. (“Computershare”) (as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (“Well Fargo Bank”)),
as trustee, amending that certain Indenture, dated September 19, 2016, between Activision Blizzard and Wells Fargo 
Bank (the “2016 Activision Blizzard Indenture”), pursuant to which Activision Blizzard issued its 3.400% Senior    
Notes due 2026;                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
(ii) the Third Supplemental Indenture, dated October 27, 2023, between Activision Blizzard, as issuer, and         
Computershare (as successor to Wells Fargo Bank), as trustee, amending that certain Indenture, dated May 26, 2017, 
between Activision Blizzard and Wells Fargo Bank (the “Activision Blizzard Base Indenture”), as supplemented by    
that certain First Supplemental Indenture, dated May 26, 2017, between Activision Blizzard and Wells Fargo Bank    
(the “2017 Activision Blizzard Supplemental Indenture”), pursuant to which Activision Blizzard issued its 3.400%   
Senior Notes due 2027 and 4.500% Senior Notes due 2047; and (iii) the Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated October 
27, 2023, between Activision Blizzard, as issuer and Computershare (as successor to Wells Fargo Bank), amending the
Activision Blizzard Base Indenture, as supplemented by that certain Second Supplemental Indenture, dated August 10,
2020, between Activision Blizzard and Wells Fargo Bank (together with the 2016 Activision Blizzard Indenture, the  
Activision Blizzard Base Indenture and the 2017 Activision Blizzard Supplemental Indenture, the “Existing          
Activision Blizzard Indentures”), pursuant to which Activision Blizzard issued its 1.350% Senior Notes due 2030 and
2.500% Senior Notes due 2050. The Amendments became operative upon the Early Settlement. The foregoing summary of  
the Supplemental Activision Blizzard Indentures does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the full text of (i) the Existing Activision Blizzard Indentures attached as Exhibits 4.9, 4.10, 4.11 
and 4.12 hereto and (ii) the Supplemental Activision Blizzard Indentures attached as Exhibits 4.13, 4.14 and 4.15  
hereto, the terms of which are, in each case, incorporated herein by reference. Microsoft Base Indenture,          
Supplemental Indenture and New Notes In connection with the Early Settlement, on November 6, 2023, Microsoft       
issued:                                                                                                            
                                                                                                           
  (i)  $762,456,000 aggregate principal amount of 3.400% Notes due 2026 (the “New Microsoft 2026 Notes”);  
                                                                                                           
                                                                                                            
  (ii)  $353,183,000 aggregate principal amount of 3.400% Notes due 2027 (the “New Microsoft 2027 Notes”);  
                                                                                                            
                                                                                                             
  (iii)  $442,842,000 aggregate principal amount of 1.350% Notes due 2030 (the “New Microsoft 2030 Notes”);  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                            
  (iv)  $391,290,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.500% Notes due 2047 (the “New Microsoft 2047 Notes”);  
                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
       $1,439,312,000 aggregate principal amount of 2.500% Notes due 2050 (the “New Microsoft 2050 Notes” and,     
  (v)  together with the New Microsoft 2026 Notes, the New Microsoft 2027 Notes, the New Microsoft 2030 Notes and  
       the New Microsoft 2047 Notes, the “New Microsoft Notes”).                                                   
                                                                                                                   
The New Microsoft Notes are governed by an indenture, dated as of May 18, 2009 (the “Base Indenture”), between     
Microsoft, as issuer, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the “New Microsoft Notes    
Trustee”), as supplemented by the Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 6, 2023 (the “Fifteenth   
Supplemental Indenture”), between Microsoft and the New Microsoft Notes Trustee. The New Microsoft Notes are       
Microsoft’s senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with Microsoft’s other unsecured and unsubordinated debt 
from time to time outstanding. The interest rate and maturity date for each series of New Microsoft Notes is as    
follows:                                                                                                           
                                                                                                               
  (i)  The 2026 Notes will bear interest at a rate of 3.400% per annum and will mature on September 15, 2026;  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
  (ii)  The 2027 Notes will bear interest at a rate of 3.400% per annum and will mature on June 15, 2027; and  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                 
  (iii)  The 2030 Notes will bear interest at a rate of 1.350% per annum and will mature on September 15, 2030;  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                               
  (iv)  The 2047 Notes will bear interest at a rate of 3.400% per annum and will mature on June 15, 2047; and  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
  (v)  The 2050 Notes will bear interest at a rate of 2.500% per annum and will mature on September 15, 2050.  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                                                               
The foregoing summaries of the Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture and the New Microsoft Notes do not purport to be   
complete and each is qualified in its entirety by reference to the applicable full text of (i) the Base Indenture  
attached as Exhibit 4.1 hereto; (ii) the Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture attached as Exhibit 4.2 hereto; and (iii)
the forms of the New Microsoft Notes attached as Exhibits 4.3, 4.4, 4.5, 4.6 and 4.7 hereto, the terms of which    
are, in each case, incorporated herein by reference. Registration Rights Agreement On November 6, 2023, in         
connection with the Early Settlement, Microsoft, BofA Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Wells Fargo    
Securities, LLC, Academy Securities, Inc., CastleOak Securities, L.P., Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Loop Capital Markets  
LLC, MFR Securities, Inc., Mischler Financial Group, Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Samuel A Ramirez & Company,   
Inc. and Siebert Williams Shank & Co., LLC, as dealer managers, entered into a registration rights agreement with  
respect to the New Microsoft Notes (the “Registration Rights Agreement”). Microsoft agreed under the Registration  
Rights Agreement to, among other things, use its commercially reasonable efforts to (i) file a registration        
statement on an appropriate registration form with respect to a registered offer to exchange each series of the New
Microsoft Notes for new notes, with terms substantially identical in all material respects to such series of the   
New Microsoft Notes (except that the new notes will not be subject to restrictions on transfer or any increase in  
annual interest rate), and (ii) cause such registration statement to become effective under the Securities Act.    
Microsoft shall pay additional interest on the New Microsoft Notes of up to 1.0% if, among other things, the       
registered exchange offer is not completed on or prior to January 29, 2025, or a shelf registration statement is   
required and is not declared effective on or prior to the 60th day after the later of (i) January 29, 2025 and (ii)
the date on which Microsoft receives a duly executed request by a dealer manager or certain holders for the filing 
of a shelf registration. The foregoing summary of the Registration Rights Agreement does not purport to be complete
and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Registration Rights Agreement attached as    
Exhibit 4.8 hereto, the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference.                                       
                                                 
  Item 9.01  Financial Statements and Exhibits.  
                                                 
                  
  (d)  Exhibits.  
                  
Index to Exhibits                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
                    Description                                                                                    
                    Indenture, dated as of May 18, 2009, by and between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New  
                    York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of       
  Exhibit    No.    Microsoft Corporation’s Form S-3ASR, filed October 29, 2015)                                   
  4.1               Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 6, 2023, by and between Microsoft       
  4.2               Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee                    
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  4.3               Form of 3.400% Notes due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.2 of this Current Report on Form 8-K)     
  4.4               Form of 3.400% Notes due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.2 of this Current Report on Form 8-K)     
  4.5               Form of 1.350% Notes due 2030 (included in Exhibit 4.2 of this Current Report on Form 8-K)     
  4.6               Form of 4.500% Notes due 2047 (included in Exhibit 4.2 of this Current Report on Form 8-K)     
  4.7               Form of 2.500% Notes due 2050 (included in Exhibit 4.2 of this Current Report on Form 8-K)     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
          Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2023, by and among Microsoft Corporation, BofA    
          Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Academy Securities, Inc.,     
          CastleOak Securities, L.P., Drexel Hamilton, LLC, Loop Capital Markets LLC, MFR Securities, Inc.,        
          Mischler Financial Group, Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Samuel A Ramirez & Company, Inc. and Siebert   
          Williams Shank & Co., LLC                                                                                
          Indenture, dated as of September 19, 2016, by and between Activision Blizzard, Inc. and Wells Fargo      
  4.8     Bank, National Association, as Trustee, with respect to Activision Blizzard, Inc.’s 3.400% Senior Notes  
  4.9     due 2026                                                                                                 
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
          Base Indenture, dated as of May 26, 2017, by and between Activision Blizzard, Inc. and Wells Fargo       
  4.10    Bank, National Association, as Trustee, with respect to Activision Blizzard, Inc.’s 3.400% Senior Notes  
          due 2027, 1.350% Senior Notes due 2030, 4.500% Senior Notes due 2047 and 2.500% Senior Notes due 2050    
          First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 26, 2017, by and between Activision Blizzard, Inc. and     
  4.11    Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, with respect to Activision Blizzard, Inc.’s 3.400%   
          Senior Notes due 2027 and 4.500% Senior Notes due 2047                                                   
          Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 10, 2020, by and between Activision Blizzard, Inc.     
  4.12    and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, with respect to Activision Blizzard, Inc.’s      
          1.350% Senior Notes due 2030 and 2.500% Senior Notes due 2050                                            
          First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2023, by and between Activision Blizzard, Inc.     
  4.13    and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., with respect to Activision Blizzard, Inc.’s 3.400% Senior Notes   
          due 2026                                                                                                 
          Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2023, by and between Activision Blizzard, Inc.     
  4.14    and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., with respect to Activision Blizzard, Inc.’s 3.400% Senior Notes   
          due 2027 and 4.500% Senior Notes due 2047                                                                
          Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2023, by and between Activision Blizzard, Inc.    
  4.15    and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., with respect to Activision Blizzard, Inc.’s 1.350% Senior Notes   
          due 2030 and 2.500% Senior Notes due 2050                                                                
  104     Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)                              
                                                                                                                   
SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.                                    
                                                     
       MICROSOFT CORPORATION                         
  By:                         /s/ Keith R. Dolliver  
                              Keith R. Dolliver      
                              Corporate Secretary    
                                                     
Date: November 6, 2023                                                                                             
