UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION  
13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) December 7,    
2023 Microsoft Corporation                                                                                         
                                                                                               
  Washington                        001-37845                 91-1144442                       
  (State or Other Jurisdictionof    -CommissionFile Number    -IRS EmployerIdentification No.  
  Incorporation)                                                                               
                                                                                               
                                                        
  One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington    98052-6399  
                                                        
( 425) 882-8080 www.microsoft.com/investor Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to   
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General  
Instruction A.2. below):                                                                                           
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                             
  Title of each class                        Trading    Name of exchangeon which registered  
                                             Symbol                                          
  COMMON STOCK, $0.00000625 par value per    MSFT       NASDAQ                               
  share                                                                                      
  3.125% Notes due 2028                      MSFT       NASDAQ                               
  2.625% Notes due 2033                      MSFT       NASDAQ                               
                                                                                             
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 
of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has Re-elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                                                                                                                   
Item 5.07. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders On December 7, 2022, Microsoft Corporation (the     
“Company”) held its 2023 Annual Shareholders Meeting (the “Annual Meeting”). There were 7,429,030,596 shares of    
common stock entitled to be voted at the Annual Meeting, of which 6,340,975,646 were voted in person or by proxy.  
The results for each item submitted for a vote of shareholders are as follows. The shareholders: (1) Voted to elect
each of the twelve (12) nominees for director. (2) Approved, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the         
Company’s named executive officers. (3) Approved, on an advisory basis, a frequency of every year for the Company’s
advisory vote to approve the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers. Consistent with the           
recommendation of the Directors and the majority of votes cast, the Company has determined that future advisory    
votes to approve the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers will take place every year until the   
next advisory vote on the frequency of such votes, which will occur no later than the Company’s Annual Shareholders
Meeting in 2029. (4) Voted to ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Company’s independent         
registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2024. (5) Did not approve a shareholder proposal concerning a    
report on gender-based compensation and benefits gaps. (6) Did not approve a shareholder proposal concerning a     
report on risk from omitting ideology in EEO Policy. (7) Did not approve a shareholder proposal concerning a report
on government takedown requests. (8) Did not approve a shareholder proposal concerning a report onrisks of weapons 
development. (9) Did not approve a shareholder proposal concerning a report on climate risks to retirement plan    
beneficiaries. (10) Did not approve a shareholder proposal concerning a report on tax transparency. (11) Did not   
approve a shareholder proposal concerning a report on data operations in human rights hotspots. (12) Did not       
approve a shareholder proposal concerning a mandate for third-party political reporting. (13) Did not approve a    
shareholder proposal concerning a report on artificial intelligence misinformation and disinformation. The         
Company’s inspector of election certified the following vote tabulations: Election of Directors                    
                                                                                                                 
  Director               Vote Results    % Votes              For        Against       Abstain           Broker  
                                             For                                                      Non-Votes  
  Reid G. Hoffman        Re-elected        99.30    5,099,793,186     35,610,548    14,472,280    1,191,099,632  
  Hugh F. Johnston       Re-elected        91.29    4,693,142,780    447,707,365     9,025,869    1,191,099,632  
  Teri L. List           Re-elected        97.99    5,037,999,367    103,082,084     8,794,563    1,191,099,632  
  Catherine MacGregor    Elected           99.77    5,129,394,127     11,706,923     8,774,964    1,191,099,632  
  Mark A. L. Mason       Elected           99.78    5,129,864,831     10,925,164     9,086,019    1,191,099,632  
  Satya Nadella          Re-elected        94.36    4,838,647,785    289,118,177    22,110,052    1,191,099,632  
  Sandra E. Peterson     Re-elected        98.13    5,045,355,824     95,982,672     8,537,518    1,191,099,632  
  Penny S. Pritzker      Re-elected        99.61    5,121,255,514     19,710,256     8,910,244    1,191,099,632  
  Carlos A. Rodriguez    Re-elected        97.32    5,003,573,390    137,421,562     8,881,062    1,191,099,632  
  Charles W. Scharf      Re-elected        98.48    5,062,612,671     78,115,873     9,147,470    1,191,099,632  
  John W. Stanton        Re-elected        99.49    5,115,129,701     25,719,893     9,026,420    1,191,099,632  
  Emma N. Walmsley       Re-elected        99.02    5,091,160,704     49,967,509     8,747,801    1,191,099,632  
                                                                                                                 
Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation                                                      
                                                                                             
  Vote result    % Votes For              For        Against       Abstain           Broker  
                                                                                  Non-Votes  
  Approved             93.77    4,806,802,798    318,924,533    24,148,683    1,191,099,632  
                                                                                             
Advisory vote on the frequency of future advisory votes on executive compensation                                  
                                                                                                   
  Vote result         One year       Two years       Three years         Abstain           Broker  
                                                                                        Non-Votes  
  One year       5,069,287,701       6,534,144        64,434,058       9,620,111    1,191,099,632  
                         98.61  %         0.12  %           1.25  %                                
                                                                                                   
Ratification of Appointment of Independent Auditor for Fisal Year 2023                                             
                                                                                         
  Vote result    % Votes For              For        Against       Abstain       Broker  
                                                                              Non-Votes  
  Approved             95.27    6,030,931,368    298,788,648    11,255,630            0  
                                                                                         
Shareholder Proposal: Report on Gender-Based Compensation and Benefit Gaps                                         
                                                                                             
  Vote result     % Votes For           For          Against       Abstain           Broker  
                                                                                  Non-Votes  
  Not approved           1.01    51,642,120    5,052,638,933    45,594,961    1,191,099,632  
                                                                                             
Shareholder Proposal: Report on Risk from Omitting Ideology in EEO Policy                                          
                                                                                             
  Vote result     % Votes For           For          Against       Abstain           Broker  
                                                                                  Non-Votes  
  Not approved           0.81    41,683,792    5,060,353,508    47,838,714    1,191,099,632  
                                                                                             
Shareholder Proposal: Report on Government Takedown Requests                                                       
                                                                                             
  Vote result     % Votes For           For          Against       Abstain           Broker  
                                                                                  Non-Votes  
  Not approved           1.78    90,459,645    4,990,487,197    68,929,172    1,191,099,632  
                                                                                             
Shareholder Proposal: Report on Risks of Weapons Development                                                       
                                                                                              
  Vote result     % Votes For            For          Against       Abstain           Broker  
                                                                                   Non-Votes  
  Not approved          15.19    772,125,694    4,309,033,970    68,716,350    1,191,099,632  
                                                                                              
Shareholder Proposal: Report on Climate Risks to Retirement Plan Beneficiaries                                     
                                                                                              
  Vote result     % Votes For            For          Against       Abstain           Broker  
                                                                                   Non-Votes  
  Not approved           8.89    451,480,750    4,624,893,737    73,501,527    1,191,099,632  
                                                                                              
Shareholder Proposal: Report on Tax Transparency                                                                   
                                                                                                
  Vote result     % Votes For              For          Against       Abstain           Broker  
                                                                                     Non-Votes  
  Not approved          21.25    1,087,190,237    4,026,777,970    35,907,807    1,191,099,632  
                                                                                                
Shareholder Proposal: Report on Data Operations in Human Rights Hotspots                                           
                                                                                                
  Vote result     % Votes For              For          Against       Abstain           Broker  
                                                                                     Non-Votes  
  Not approved          33.57    1,696,197,226    3,355,297,882    98,380,906    1,191,099,632  
                                                                                                
Shareholder Proposal: Mandate for Third-Party Political Reporting                                                  
                                                                                              
  Vote result     % Votes For            For          Against       Abstain           Broker  
                                                                                   Non-Votes  
  Not approved           5.37    273,315,956    4,815,602,915    60,957,143    1,191,099,632  
                                                                                              
Shareholder Proposal: Report on AI Misinformation and Disinformation                                               
                                                                                                
  Vote result     % Votes For              For          Against       Abstain           Broker  
                                                                                     Non-Votes  
  Not approved          21.16    1,075,050,578    4,003,579,250    71,246,186    1,191,099,632  
                                                                                                
SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                   
                            MICROSOFT CORPORATION  
                            (Registrant)           
  Date: December 8, 2023    /s/ Keith R. Dolliver  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                            Keith R. Dolliver      
                            Corporate Secretary    
                                                   
