UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section
13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) October 13,    
2023 Microsoft Corporation (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                                  
                                                                                               
  Washington                        001-37845                 91-1144442                       
  (State or other jurisdictionof    -CommissionFile Number    -IRS EmployerIdentification No.  
  incorporation)                                                                               
                                                                                               
                                                          
  One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington      98052-6399  
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)    -Zip Code   
                                                          
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 425) 882-8080 www.microsoft.com/investor Check the           
appropriate box below if the Form 8-Kfiling is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the     
registrant under any of the following provisions ( seeGeneral Instruction A.2. below):                             
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                                             
  Title of each class                        Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common stock, $0.00000625 par value per    MSFT                 NASDAQ                                     
  share                                                                                                      
  3.125% Notes due 2028                      MSFT                 NASDAQ                                     
  2.625% Notes due 2033                      MSFT                 NASDAQ                                     
                                                                                                             
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2of
this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant   
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                                                                                                                   
Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.                                                      
                                                                                                                   
On October 13, 2023, Microsoft Corporation, a Washington corporation (“Microsoft”), completed its previously       
announced acquisition of Activision Blizzard, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Activision Blizzard”). Pursuant to the
terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the   
“Merger Agreement”), dated as of January 18, 2022, by and among Microsoft, Activision Blizzard and Anchorage Merger
Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Microsoft (“Merger Sub”), at the effective time  
of the Merger (the “Effective Time”), Merger Sub merged with and into Activision Blizzard (the “Merger”), with     
Activision Blizzard surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Microsoft.                                
                                                                                                                   
At the Effective Time, each share of Activision Blizzard common stock, par value $0.000001 per share (the          
“Activision Blizzard Common Stock”), issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than    
shares of Activision Blizzard Common Stock (i) held by Activision Blizzard as treasury stock (excluding certain    
shares of Activision Blizzard Common Stock held by a wholly owned subsidiary of Activision Blizzard, which shares  
remained outstanding and unaffected by the Merger), (ii) owned by Microsoft or Merger Sub, (iii) owned by any      
direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Microsoft or Merger Sub or (iv) held by Activision Blizzard          
stockholders who neither voted in favor of adoption of the Merger Agreement nor consented thereto in writing and   
who had properly and validly exercised their statutory rights of appraisal in respect of such shares of Activision 
Blizzard Common Stock in accordance with Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, in each case, as of  
immediately prior to the Effective Time), was cancelled and automatically converted into the right to receive      
$95.00 in cash (the “Per Share Amount”), without interest.                                                         
                                                                                                                   
In addition, at the Effective Time, subject to certain exceptions, unvested Activision Blizzard options and stock- 
based awards were assumed by Microsoft and converted into corresponding awards that are subject to shares of       
Microsoft common stock. Vested Activision Blizzard options and stock-based awards were cancelled and converted into
the right to receive the Per Share Amount for each share of Activision Blizzard Common Stock underlying such awards
(or, in the case of such options, the difference (if any) between the Per Share Amount and the applicable exercise 
price), less any applicable tax withholdings.                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                   
                            MICROSOFT CORPORATION  
                            (Registrant)           
  Date: October 13, 2023    /S/ KEITH R. DOLLIVER  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                            Keith R. Dolliver      
                            Corporate Secretary    
                                                   
