UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) January 18,    
2023 Microsoft Corporation                                                                                         
                                                                                                  
  Washington                         001-37845                  91-1144442                        
  (State or Other Jurisdiction of    -Commission File Number    -IRS Employer Identification No.  
  Incorporation)                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
                                                        
  One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington    98052-6399  
                                                        
( 425) 882-8080 www.microsoft.com/investor Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to   
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General  
Instruction A.2. below):                                                                                           
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                                     
  Title of each class                        Trading Symbol    Name of exchange on which registered  
  Common stock, $0.00000625 par value per    MSFT              NASDAQ                                
  share                                                                                              
  3.125% Notes due 2028                      MSFT              NASDAQ                                
  2.625% Notes due 2033                      MSFT              NASDAQ                                
                                                                                                     
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 
of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                                                                                                                   
Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure On January 18, 2023, Microsoft Corporation announced to its employees a series 
of actions it is taking in response to macroeconomic conditions and changing customer priorities. These actions    
include workforce reductions of approximately 10,000 employees by the end of the third fiscal quarter of 2023,     
changes to our hardware portfolio, and lease consolidation to create higher density across our workspaces.         
Collectively these actions will result in a charge of $1.2 billion in the second quarter of our 2023 fiscal year,  
representing a $0.12 negative impact to diluted earnings per share. This Form 8-Kcontains forward-looking          
statements, which are any predictions, projections or other statements about future events based on current        
expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are described in our filings with  
the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Readers
are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and Microsoft undertakes no duty to update  
any forward-looking statement to conform the statement to actual results or changes in the company’s expectations. 
In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K,the information in this Current Report on Form 8-K,including
Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be           
incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. Item 
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits (d) Exhibits:                                                              
                                                                                       
  99.1    Employee email dated January 18, 2023                                        
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  104     Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)  
                                                                                       
SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                                           
                            MICROSOFT CORPORATION                          
                            (Registrant)                                   
  Date: January 18, 2023    /S/ ALICE L. JOLLA                             
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                            Alice L. Jolla                                 
                            Corporate Vice President and Chief Accounting  
                            Officer                                        
                                                                           
