UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section
13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 March 4, 2022 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)  
Apple Inc. (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)                                                  
                                                                     
  California                      001-36743      94-2404110          
  (State or other jurisdiction    -Commission    -I.R.S. Employer    
  of incorporation)               File Number    Identification No.  
                                                                     
One Apple Park Way Cupertino, California 95014 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ( 408) 996-1010 
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Not applicable (Former name or former address, if changed     
since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy   
the filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the following provisions:                                     
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                    
  Title of each class                     Trading      Name of each exchange        
                                          symbol(s)    on which registered          
  Common Stock, $0.00001 par value per    AAPL         The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC  
  share                                                                             
  1.000% Notes due 2022                   —            The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC  
  1.375% Notes due 2024                   —            The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC  
  0.000% Notes due 2025                   —            The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC  
  0.875% Notes due 2025                   —            The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC  
  1.625% Notes due 2026                   —            The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC  
  2.000% Notes due 2027                   —            The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC  
  1.375% Notes due 2029                   —            The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC  
  3.050% Notes due 2029                   —            The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC  
  0.500% Notes due 2031                   —            The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC  
  3.600% Notes due 2042                   —            The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC  
                                                                                    
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 
of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                                                                                                                   
  Item 5.02  Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;   
             Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers                                                         
                                                                                                                   
The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Apple Inc. (the “Company” or “Apple”) previously adopted, subject to       
shareholder approval, the Apple Inc. 2022 Employee Stock Plan (the “2022 Plan”). Apple’s shareholders approved the 
2022 Plan at the Company’s Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on March 4, 2022 (the “Annual Meeting”). Apple’s    
grant authority under the Apple Inc. 2014 Employee Stock Plan (the “2014 Plan”) will terminate after the 2022 Plan 
is registered on Form S-8.The 2022 Plan, which became effective upon shareholder approval, permits the granting of 
stock options, stock appreciation rights, stock grants and restricted stock units. Employees and consultants of    
Apple and its subsidiaries are eligible to participate in the 2022 Plan. The maximum number of shares that may be  
issued or transferred pursuant to awards under the 2022 Plan will equal:                                           
                                 
  •    510 million shares, plus  
                                 
                                                                                                                   
  •    the number of shares available for new award grants under the 2014 Plan on the date of the Annual Meeting,  
       plus                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •    the number of any shares subject to stock options granted under the 2014 Plan and outstanding as of the     
       date of the Annual Meeting which expire or terminate after the Annual Meeting, plus                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
       two times the number of shares subject to restricted stock units (“RSUs”) or restricted awards granted      
  •    under the 2014 Plan that are outstanding as of the date of the Annual Meeting that are forfeited or         
       terminated or with respect to which shares are withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations after the    
       date of the Annual Meeting.                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
The maximum number of shares that may be issued or transferred pursuant to awards under the 2022 Plan as a result  
of applying the share limit formula described above will not exceed 1,274,374,682 shares. Shares issued with       
respect to full-value awards (RSUs or restricted stock awards) granted under the 2022 Plan are counted against the 
2022 Plan’s aggregate share limit as two shares for every one share actually issued in connection with the full-   
value award. The 2022 Plan also includes other rules for counting shares against the share limits. The foregoing   
brief description is qualified in its entirety by the text of the 2022 Plan, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit   
10.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference. Grants under the 2022 Plan may be evidenced by entry into the    
Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and the Performance Award Agreement under the 2022 Plan, forms of which are  
filed as Exhibits 10.2 and 10.3 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.                                       
                                                                   
  Item 5.07  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.  
                                                                   
The Annual Meeting was held on March 4, 2022. At the Annual Meeting, Apple’s shareholders voted on the following   
ten proposals and cast their votes as described below.                                                             
                                                                                                                   
  1.  The individuals listed below were elected at the Annual Meeting to serve as directors of Apple until the     
      next annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified:               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                    
                             For          Against     Abstained    Broker Non-Vote  
  James Bell       9,592,631,863       75,189,711    34,172,422      3,360,214,513  
  Tim Cook         9,504,951,515      179,216,057    17,826,424      3,360,214,513  
  Al Gore          8,868,389,175      794,210,797    39,394,024      3,360,214,513  
  Alex Gorsky      8,953,921,820      712,234,573    35,837,603      3,360,214,513  
  Andrea Jung      8,627,809,656    1,032,432,390    41,751,950      3,360,214,513  
  Art Levinson     8,971,086,986      696,491,723    34,415,287      3,360,214,513  
  Monica Lozano    9,598,142,509       69,997,728    33,853,759      3,360,214,513  
  Ron Sugar        8,614,503,163    1,050,063,179    37,427,654      3,360,214,513  
  Sue Wagner       9,345,991,079      313,316,460    42,686,457      3,360,214,513  
                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
  2.  A management proposal to ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Apple’s independent registered       
      public accounting firm for 2022 was approved.                                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                               
  For                   Against     Abstained  
  12,872,446,315    149,619,462    40,142,732  
                                               
                                                                              
  3.  An advisory resolution to approve executive compensation was approved.  
                                                                              
                                                                   
  For                    Against     Abstained    Broker Non-Vote  
  6,211,599,020    3,435,137,681    55,257,295      3,360,214,513  
                                                                   
                                                                    
  4.  A management proposal to approve the 2022 Plan was approved.  
                                                                    
                                                                 
  For                  Against     Abstained    Broker Non-Vote  
  9,377,995,041    286,025,295    37,973,660      3,360,214,513  
                                                                 
                                                                                             
  5.  A shareholder proposal entitled “Reincorporate with Deeper Purpose” was not approved.  
                                                                                             
                                                                  
  For                  Against      Abstained    Broker Non-Vote  
  297,301,070    9,290,944,230    113,748,696      3,360,214,513  
                                                                  
                                                                                
  6.  A shareholder proposal entitled “Transparency Reports” was not approved.  
                                                                                
                                                                    
  For                    Against      Abstained    Broker Non-Vote  
  3,042,933,417    6,545,878,624    113,181,955      3,360,214,513  
                                                                    
                                                                                  
  7.  A shareholder proposal entitled “Report on Forced Labor” was not approved.  
                                                                                  
                                                                    
  For                    Against      Abstained    Broker Non-Vote  
  3,225,431,798    6,341,269,524    135,292,674      3,360,214,513  
                                                                    
                                                                      
  8.  A shareholder proposal entitled “Pay Equity” was not approved.  
                                                                      
                                                                   
  For                    Against     Abstained    Broker Non-Vote  
  3,231,073,170    6,372,272,757    98,648,069      3,360,214,513  
                                                                   
                                                                          
  9.  A shareholder proposal entitled “Civil Rights Audit” was approved.  
                                                                          
                                                                    
  For                    Against      Abstained    Broker Non-Vote  
  5,125,278,012    4,445,469,491    131,246,493      3,360,214,513  
                                                                    
                                                                                      
  10.  A shareholder proposal entitled “Report on Concealment Clauses” was approved.  
                                                                                      
                                                                    
  For                    Against      Abstained    Broker Non-Vote  
  4,784,964,717    4,777,582,306    139,446,973      3,360,214,513  
                                                                    
                                                  
  Item 9.01.  Financial Statements and Exhibits.  
                                                  
                  
  (d)  Exhibits.  
                  
                                                                                                                   
  Exhibit    Description                                                                                           
  No.        2022 Employee Stock Plan.                                                                             
  10.1       Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under 2022 Employee Stock Plan effective as of March    
  10.2       4, 2022.                                                                                              
  10.3       Form of Performance Award Agreement under 2022 Employee Stock Plan effective as of March 4, 2022.     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  104        Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Current Report on Form 8-K.                                    
                                                                                                                   
SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                                                                
  Date: March 4, 2022         Apple Inc.                                                        
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                         By:              /s/ Katherine Adams                                   
                                          Katherine Adams                                       
                                          Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary  
                                                                                                
