                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              Washington, D.C. 20549                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                       ____________________________________                                        
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                       ____________________________________                                        
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                          PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                      OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934                                       
                                                                                                                   
                        Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): November 9, 2021                         
                                                                                                                   
                                       ____________________________________                                        
                                                                                                                   
                                                  DoorDash, Inc.                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                               
                                                                                                                   
                                       ____________________________________                                        
                                                                                                     
  Delaware                           001-39759                  46-2852392                           
  (State or other jurisdiction of    -Commission File Number    -I.R.S. Employer Identification No.  
  incorporation or organization)                                                                     
                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                      303 2nd Street, South Tower, 8th Floor                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                          San Francisco, California 94107                                          
                                                                                                                   
                           (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)                            
                                                                                                                   
                                                  ( 650) 487-3970                                                  
                                                                                                                   
                               (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                  Not Applicable                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                           (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)                           
                                                                                                                   
                                       ____________________________________                                        
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

☒Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

☐Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

☐Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

☐Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                                                                        
  Title of each class                   Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Class A common stock, par value of    DASH                 New York Stock Exchange                    
  $0.00001 per share                                                                                    
                                                                                                        
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR §230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR §240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company ☐
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
                             
  Item 8.01    Other Events  
                             
On November 9, 2021, DoorDash, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“DoorDash”) and Wolt Enterprises Oy, a limited
liability company incorporated and existing under the laws of Finland (“Wolt”) issued a joint press release
announcing their entry into a Share Purchase Agreement dated November 9, 2021 (the “Share Purchase Agreement”), by
and among DoorDash, Wolt, certain securityholders of Wolt and Miki Kuusi solely in the capacity as the
representative of the Securityholders under the Share Purchase Agreement. Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement,
DoorDash will acquire all of the outstanding shares of Wolt in an all-stock transaction. A copy of the joint press
release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.

In connection with the announcement of the Share Purchase Agreement, DoorDash posted a presentation regarding the
transaction on its investor relations website. The presentation is filed as Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated herein
by reference.
                                                                                                 
  Exhibit Number    Description                                                                  
  99.1              Joint Press Release                                                          
  99.2              Investor Presentation                                                        
  104               Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)  
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
  Forward-Looking Statements                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
This communication contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements
generally relate to future events, including the timing of the proposed transaction and other information related
to the proposed transaction. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words
such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expects,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “could,” “intends,” “target,” “projects,”
“contemplates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “potential” or “continue” or the negative of these words or
other similar terms or expressions that concern the proposed transaction and our expectations, strategy, plans or
intentions regarding it. Forward-looking statements in this communication include, but are not limited to, (i)
expectations regarding the timing, completion and expected benefits of our proposed acquisition of Wolt Enterprises
Oy (“Wolt”) , (ii) plans, objectives and expectations with respect to future operations, stakeholders and the
markets in which we, Wolt and the combined company will operate, and (iii) the expected impact of the proposed
transaction on the business of the parties. Expectations and beliefs regarding these matters may not materialize,
and actual results in future periods are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to
differ materially from those projected. These risks, uncertainties and other factors relate to, among others: risks
and uncertainties related to our pending acquisition of Wolt, including the failure to obtain, or delays in
obtaining, required regulatory approvals, the failure to satisfy any of the closing conditions to the proposed
transaction on a timely basis or at all and costs and expenses associated with failure to close; costs, expenses or
difficulties related to the acquisition of Wolt, including the integration of Wolt’s business; failure to realize
the expected benefits and synergies of the proposed transaction in the expected timeframes or at all; the potential
impact of the announcement, pendency or consummation of the proposed transaction on relationships with our and/or
Wolt’s employees, customers, suppliers and other business partners; the risk of litigation or regulatory actions to
us and/or Wolt; inability to retain key personnel; changes in legislation or government regulations affecting us or
Wolt; developments in the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting business and operational impacts on us and/or Wolt; and
economic, financial, social or political conditions that could adversely affect us, Wolt or the proposed
transaction. For additional information on other potential risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ from the results predicted, please see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2020 and subsequent Form 10-Qs or Form 8-Ks filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). All
information provided in this communication is as of the date of this communication and any forward-looking
statements contained herein are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable, and information available to
us, as of such date. We undertake no duty to update this information unless required by law.
                                                                                                                   
  No Offer or Solicitation                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
This communication shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor
shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be
unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of
securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the U.S.
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

Important Additional Information Will be Filed with the SEC

DoorDash will file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4, which will include a prospectus of DoorDash.
INVESTORS ARE URGED TO CAREFULLY READ THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AND OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS TO BE FILED WITH THE
SEC IN THEIR ENTIRETY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT DOORDASH,
WOLT, THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION AND RELATED MATTERS. Investors will be able to obtain free copies of the
registration statement and other documents filed with the SEC through the website maintained by the SEC at
www.sec.gov and on DoorDash’s website at ir.doordash.com.
                                                                                                                   
                                                     SIGNATURE                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                                            
                            DOORDASH, INC.                                  
  Date: November 9, 2021    By:               /s/ Tony Xu                   
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                            Name:             Tony Xu                       
                            Title:            Chief Executive Officer       
                                              -Principal Executive Officer  
                                                                            
