UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section
13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 May 5, 2025 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)
Apple Inc. (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)
                                                                                                                   
                                001-36743                                                                          
                                (Commission                                                                        
                                File Number)                                                                       
                                One Apple Park Way                                                                 
  California                    Cupertino,California95014                                     94-2404110           
  (State or other jurisdiction  (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)           (I.R.S. Employer     
  of incorporation)             (408)996-1010                                                 Identification No.)  
                                (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)                               
                                Not applicable                                                                     
                                (Former name or former address, if changed since last                              
                                report.)                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the Registrant under any of the following provisions:
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                                                                            
  Title of each class                         Trading symbol(s)  Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common Stock, $0.00001 par value per share  AAPL               The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  0.000% Notes due 2025                       —                  The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  0.875% Notes due 2025                       —                  The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  1.625% Notes due 2026                       —                  The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  2.000% Notes due 2027                       —                  The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  1.375% Notes due 2029                       —                  The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  3.050% Notes due 2029                       —                  The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  0.500% Notes due 2031                       —                  The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  3.600% Notes due 2042                       —                  The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
                                                                                                            
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2
of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act . ☐
                            
  Item 8.01  Other Events.  
                            
On May 12, 2025, Apple Inc. (“Apple”) consummated the issuance and sale of $1,500,000,000 aggregate principal      
amount of its 4.000% Notes due 2028 (the “2028 Notes”), $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.200%    
Notes due 2030 (the “2030 Notes”), $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.500% Notes due 2032 (the     
“2032 Notes”) and $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.750% Notes due 2035 (the “2035 Notes” and,    
together with the 2028 Notes, the 2030 Notes, and the 2032 Notes, the “Notes”), pursuant to an underwriting        
agreement (the “Underwriting Agreement”) dated May 5, 2025 among Apple and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Barclays       
Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters 
named therein. The Notes are being issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of November 1, 2024 (the “Indenture”),
between Apple and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, together with the officer’s         
certificate, dated May 12, 2025 (the “Officer’s Certificate”), issued pursuant to the Indenture establishing the   
terms of each series of Notes. The Notes are being issued pursuant to Apple’s Registration Statement on Form S-3   
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and dated November 1, 2024 (Reg. No. 333-282937) (the            
“Registration Statement”). Interest on the 2028 Notes, the 2030 Notes, the 2032 Notes, and the 2035 Notes will be  
paid semi-annually in arrears on May 12 and November 12 of each year, beginning on November 12 ,2025 . The 2028    
Notes will mature on May 12, 2028 .The 2030 Notes will mature on May 12, 2030 .The 2032 Notes will mature on May   
12, 2032. The 2035 Notes will mature on May 12, 2035 . The Notes will be Apple’s senior unsecured obligations and  
will rank equally with Apple’s other unsecured and unsubordinated debt from time to time outstanding. The foregoing
description of the Notes and related agreements is qualified in its entirety by the terms of the Underwriting      
Agreement, the Indenture and the Officer’s Certificate (including the forms of the Notes). Apple is furnishing the 
Underwriting Agreement and the Officer’s Certificate (including the forms of the Notes) attached hereto as Exhibits
1.1 and 4.1 through 4.5, respectively, and they are incorporated herein by reference. The Indenture is filed as    
Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement. An opinion regarding the legality of the Notes is filed as Exhibit 5.1, 
and is incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement; and a consent relating to the incorporation of   
such opinion is incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement and is filed as Exhibit 23.1 by reference
to its inclusion within Exhibit 5.1.                                                                               
                                                 
  Item 9.01  Financial Statements and Exhibits.  
                                                 
(d) Exhibits.                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
             Exhibit Description                                                                                   
             Underwriting Agreement, dated May 5, 2025, among Apple                                                
  Exhibit    Inc. and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc. and J.P. Morgan        
  Number     Securities LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein                          
  1.1        Officer’s Certificate of Apple Inc., dated May 12,                                                    
  4.1        2025                                                                                                  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  4.2        Form of Global Note representing the 2028                                                             
             Notes (included in Exhibit 4.1)                                                                       
  4.3        Form of Global Note representing the 2030                                                             
             Notes (included in Exhibit 4.1)                                                                       
  4.4        Form of Global Note representing the 2032                                                             
             Notes (included in Exhibit 4.1)                                                                       
  4.5        Form of Global Note representing the 2035                                                             
             Notes (included in Exhibit 4.1)                                                                       
  5.1        Opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP                                                                       
  23.1       Consent of Latham & Watkins LLP (included in the                                                      
             opinion filed as Exhibit 5.1)                                                                         
  104        Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Current Report on Form 8‑K                                     
                                                                                                                   
SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                                
  Date:  May 12,2025       Apple Inc.                           
                      By:              /s/ Kevan Parekh         
                                       Kevan Parekh             
                                       Senior Vice President,   
                                       Chief Financial Officer  
                                                                
