UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 2, 2021 
ROKU, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)                                                  
                                                                                                  
  Delaware                           001-38211                  26-2087865                        
  (State or Other Jurisdiction of    -Commission File Number    -IRS Employer Identification No.  
  Incorporation)                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
                                                         
  1155 Coleman Avenue San Jose, California        95110  
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)    -Zip Code  
                                                         
Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (408) 556-9040 Not Applicable (Former Name or Former Address,  
if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-Kfiling is intended to simultaneously  
satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions    
A.2. below):                                                                                                       
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                                             
  Title of each class                        Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value    ROKU                 The Nasdaq Global Select Market            
                                                                                                             
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§ 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§          
240.12b-2of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the  
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial   
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                     
                                                                                                                   
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.                                                              
                                                                                                                   
On March 2, 2021, Roku, Inc. entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the “EquityDistribution Agreement”)    
with Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Evercore Group L.L.C., as sales agents (the “Sales
Agents”), pursuant to which we may offer and sell from time to time through the Sales Agents shares of our Class A 
common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (“ClassA Common Stock”), having an aggregate offering price of up to $1.0
billion (the “Shares”), in such amounts as we may specify by notice to the Sales Agents, in accordance with the    
terms and conditions set forth in the Equity Distribution Agreement.                                               
                                                                                                                   
Sales, if any, of the Shares pursuant to the Equity Distribution Agreement may be made in negotiated transactions  
or transactions that are deemed to be “at-the-market” offerings as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act,   
including sales made directly on the Nasdaq Stock Market, or sales made to or through a market maker other than on 
an exchange. Under the Equity Distribution Agreement, we will set the parameters for the sale of shares, including 
the number of shares to be issued, the time period during which sales are requested to be made, limitation on the  
number of shares that may be sold in any one trading day and any minimum price below which sales may not be made.  
We are not obligated to sell any Shares under the Equity Distribution Agreement.                                   
                                                                                                                   
The Shares will be offered and sold pursuant to our shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-230204) 
which was automatically effective upon filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 12, 2019. We    
filed a prospectus supplement, dated March 2, 2021, with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with 
the offer and sale of the Shares.                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
We may terminate the Equity Distribution Agreement upon written notice to the Sales Agents for any reason or by the
Sales Agents upon written notice to us for any reason or at any time under certain circumstances, including but not
limited to the occurrence of a material adverse change in our company.                                             
                                                                                                                   
The Equity Distribution Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by us, and         
indemnification rights and obligations of the parties. The Equity Distribution Agreement provides that the Sales   
Agents will be entitled to compensation for its services of up to 2% of the gross sales price per share of all     
shares sold through the Sales Agents under the Equity Distribution Agreement. Under the terms of the Equity        
Distribution Agreement, we have agreed to indemnify the Sales Agents against certain specified types of            
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, to contribute to payments the     
Sales Agents may be required to make in respect of these liabilities, and to reimburse the Sales Agents for certain
expenses. In the ordinary course of business, the Sales Agents or their respective affiliates from time to time    
have provided and may in the future provide various investment banking, commercial banking and financial advisory  
services to the company and/or its affiliates, for which they have received or may receive customary compensation. 
                                                                                                                   
We intend to use the net proceeds from the sale, if any, of the securities offered in the offering for working     
capital and general corporate purposes, including sales and marketing activities, research and development         
activities, general and administrative matters, repayment of debt, other business opportunities and capital        
expenditures. We may also use a portion of the net proceeds to acquire or invest in businesses, products and       
technologies that are complementary to our own, although we have no current commitments or agreements with respect 
to any acquisitions or investments.                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
The above summary of the Equity Distribution Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its     
entirety by reference to the Equity Distribution Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 1.1 to this     
Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. The legal opinion of Cooley LLP relating to the   
shares of Class A Common Stock being offered pursuant to the Equity Distribution Agreement is filed as Exhibit 5.1 
to this Current Report on Form 8-K.                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits.                                                         
                                                                                                                   
  Exhibit    Description                                                                                           
  Number     Equity Distribution Agreement, dated March 2, 2021, by and among Roku, Inc., Morgan Stanley & Co.     
  1.1        LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Evercore Group L.L.C.                                          
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  5.1        Opinion of Cooley LLP                                                                                 
  23.1       Consent of Cooley LLP (included within the opinion filed as Exhibit 5.1)                              
  104        Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)                           
                                                                                                                   
SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                                   
  Date: March 2, 2021    By:  Roku, Inc.  /s/ Steve Louden         
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                          Steve Louden             
                                          Chief Financial Officer  
                                                                   
