UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): September 28, 
2021 ROKU, INC. (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)                                             
                                                                                                           
  Delaware                                    001-38211                                        26-2087865  
  (State or Other Jurisdiction                -Commission File Number    -IRS Employer Identification No.  
  of Incorporation)                                                                                        
  1155 Coleman Avenue San Jose, California                                                          95110  
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)                                                      -Zip Code  
                                                                                                           
(408) 556-9040 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code Not Applicable (Former Name or Former Address,  
if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously 
satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions    
A.2. below):                                                                                                       
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                            
  Title of Each Class:                       Trading       Name of Exchange                 
                                             Symbol(s):    on Which Registered:             
  Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value    “ROKU”        The Nasdaq Global Select Market  
                                                                                            
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 
of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                                                                                                                   
  Item 5.02  Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;   
             Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.                                                        
                                                                                                                   
On September 28, 2021, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Roku, Inc. approved the terms of an 
Executive Supplemental Stock Option Program (the “ Program”), whereby our executive officers may elect on an annual
basis to reduce their annual base salary for a given calendar year in exchange for a series of monthly grants of   
fully vested non-statutorystock options under our 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the “ Plan”). The Program will be    
effective commencing calendar year 2022, and will remain in effect until modified or revoked by the Board of       
Directors or the Compensation Committee. An executive officer may elect to participate in the Program pursuant to  
an Executive Supplemental Stock Option Program Enrollment Form, which must be completed during the last open       
trading window in the calendar year immediately preceding the calendar year for which such election is made. An    
executive officer may not change his or her election amount once the deadline for enrollment has passed. An        
executive officer may not withdraw from the Program, unless: (i) the withdrawal is during an open trading window,  
(ii) the executive officer is not otherwise in possession of material, non-publicinformation, and (iii) such       
withdrawal is due to an unforeseeable emergency. If an executive officer withdraws, the executive officer will not 
be able to re-enrollin the Program for such calendar year, and must wait until the next enrollment period to enroll
for the next calendar year. The number of options granted will be determined based on the following formula: (i)   
the monthly dollar amount by which the executive officer has elected to reduce their annual base salary divided by 
(ii) the quotient of (x) the closing price of our Class A common stock as reported by The Nasdaq Global Select     
Market on the date of grant (the “ Fair Market Value”) and (y) a factor intended to result in such quotient        
approximating a Black-Scholes value (the “Stock Option Ratio”), with the Stock Option Ratio in effect during a     
given calendar year as determined by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee from time to time. For   
example, if an executive officer elects to reduce his or her annual base salary by $20,000 per month and the Fair  
Market Value is $50.00, then the executive officer will be granted an option to purchase the number of shares of   
our Class A common stock equal to: (i) $20,000 divided by (ii) the quotient of (x) $50.00 divided by (y) the Stock 
Option Ratio, rounded down to the nearest whole share. The Compensation Committee reserves the right and intends to
review and possibly adjust the Stock Option Ratio on an annual basis, prior to the annual acceptance of Executive  
Supplemental Stock Option Program Enrollment Form. Each monthly grant will be made on the first trading day of the 
month (contingent upon the executive officer’s continued service as of that date), will be fully vested on the     
grant date and will have an exercise price equal to the Fair Market Value. The options will be subject to the terms
and conditions of the Plan and will be administered on a non-discretionarybasis without further action by the      
Compensation Committee. These stock options will be exercisable for up to ten years following the date of grant    
regardless of the employment status of the officer. The Executive Supplemental Stock Option Program Enrollment Form
and the form of stock option grant notice and agreement substantially in the form of those to be used in connection
with the Program are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-Kand are      
incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its
entirety by the terms of the exhibits.                                                                             
                                                
  Item 9.01  Financial Statement and Exhibits.  
                                                
                  
  (d)  Exhibits.  
                  
                                                                                          
  Exhibit    Description                                                                  
  Number                                                                                  
  10.1       Executive Supplemental Stock Option Program Enrollment Form                  
  10.2       Form of Option Grant Package (Executive Supplemental Option Program)         
  104        Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)  
                                                                                          
SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                                                   
  Dated: October 1, 2021         Roku, Inc.                                        
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                            By:              /s/ Steve Louden                      
                                             Steve Louden Chief Financial Officer  
                                                                                   
