UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) December 10,   
2024 Microsoft Corporation                                                                                         
                                                                                                  
  Washington                         001-37845                  91-1144442                        
  (State or Other Jurisdiction of    -Commission File Number    -IRS Employer Identification No.  
  Incorporation)                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington 98052-6399 ( 425) 882-8080 www.microsoft.com/investor Check the appropriate 
box below if the Form 8-Kfiling is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):                                              
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                             
  Title of each class                        Trading    Name of exchange     
                                             Symbol     on which registered  
  Common stock, $0.00000625 par value per    MSFT       NASDAQ               
  share                                                                      
  3.125% Notes due 2028                      MSFT       NASDAQ               
  2.625% Notes due 2033                      MSFT       NASDAQ               
                                                                             
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2of
this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant   
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                                                                                                                   
Item 5.07. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders On December 10, 2024, Microsoft Corporation (the    
“Company” or “Microsoft”) held its 2024 Annual Shareholders Meeting (the “Annual Meeting”). There were             
7,434,436,393 shares of common stock entitled to be voted at the Annual Meeting, of which 6,417,206,480 were voted 
in person or by proxy. The results for each item submitted for a vote of shareholders are as follows. The          
shareholders: (1) Voted to elect each of the 12 nominees for director. (2) Approved, on an advisory basis, the     
compensation of the Company’s named executive officers. (3) Voted to ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche   
LLP as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2025. (4) Did not approve a     
shareholder proposal concerning a report on risks of weapons development. (5) Did not approve a shareholder        
proposal concerning an assessment of investing in bitcoin. (6) Did not approve a shareholder proposal concerning a 
report on data operations in human rights hotspots. (7) Did not approve a shareholder proposal concerning a report 
on artificial intelligence and machine learning tools for oil and gas development and production. (8) Did not      
approve a shareholder proposal concerning a report on artificial intelligence (“AI”) misinformation and            
disinformation. (9) Did not approve a shareholder proposal concerning a report on AI data sourcing accountability. 
The Company’s inspector of election certified the following vote tabulations: Election of directors                
                                                                                                                 
  Director               Vote Results    % Votes              For        Against       Abstain           Broker  
                                             For                                                      Non-Votes  
  Reid G. Hoffman        Re-elected        99.20    5,148,624,453     41,556,212     8,911,649    1,218,114,166  
  Hugh F. Johnston       Re-elected        91.89    4,768,792,470    420,605,495     9,694,349    1,218,114,166  
  Teri L. List           Re-elected        98.68    5,120,774,949     68,560,265     9,757,100    1,218,114,166  
  Catherine MacGregor    Re-elected        99.83    5,180,667,633      8,873,170     9,551,511    1,218,114,166  
  Mark A. L. Mason       Re-elected        99.59    5,167,419,348     21,404,525    10,268,441    1,218,114,166  
  Satya Nadella          Re-elected        94.35    4,878,901,541    291,907,066    28,283,707    1,218,114,166  
  Sandra E. Peterson     Re-elected        98.14    5,092,981,786     96,435,357     9,675,171    1,218,114,166  
  Penny S. Pritzker      Re-elected        99.60    5,170,315,477     20,548,862     8,227,975    1,218,114,166  
  Carlos A. Rodriguez    Re-elected        98.18    5,094,003,865     94,407,242    10,681,207    1,218,114,166  
  Charles W. Scharf      Re-elected        98.26    5,098,538,567     90,405,839    10,147,908    1,218,114,166  
  John W. Stanton        Re-elected        99.40    5,158,411,139     30,890,450     9,790,725    1,218,114,166  
  Emma N. Walmsley       Re-elected        99.07    5,141,345,085     48,471,729     9,275,500    1,218,114,166  
                                                                                                                 
Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation                                                      
                                                                                             
  Vote result    % Votes For              For        Against       Abstain           Broker  
                                                                                  Non-Votes  
  Approved             91.34    4,727,655,048    448,256,975    23,180,291    1,218,114,166  
                                                                                             
Ratification of Appointment of Independent Auditor for Fisal Year 2025                                             
                                                                                         
  Vote result    % Votes For              For        Against       Abstain       Broker  
                                                                              Non-Votes  
  Approved             94.32    6,042,000,471    364,022,603    11,183,406            0  
                                                                                         
Shareholder Proposal: Report on Risks of Weapons Development                                                       
                                                                                              
  Vote result     % Votes For            For          Against       Abstain           Broker  
                                                                                   Non-Votes  
  Not approved          15.26    783,837,170    4,353,192,956    62,062,188    1,218,114,166  
                                                                                              
Shareholder Proposal: Assessment of Investing in Bitcoin                                                           
                                                                                             
  Vote result     % Votes For           For          Against       Abstain           Broker  
                                                                                  Non-Votes  
  Not approved           0.55    28,234,424    5,148,248,368    22,609,522    1,218,114,166  
                                                                                             
Shareholder Proposal: Report on Data Operations in Human Rights Hotspots                                           
                                                                                                
  Vote result     % Votes For              For          Against       Abstain           Broker  
                                                                                     Non-Votes  
  Not approved          32.03    1,647,287,434    3,495,428,268    56,376,612    1,218,114,166  
                                                                                                
Shareholder Proposal: Report on Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Tools for Oil and Gas Development and 
Production                                                                                                         
                                                                                              
  Vote result     % Votes For            For          Against       Abstain           Broker  
                                                                                   Non-Votes  
  Not approved           9.71    498,928,539    4,641,011,840    59,151,935    1,218,114,166  
                                                                                              
Shareholder Proposal: Report on AI Misinformation and Disinformation                                               
                                                                                              
  Vote result     % Votes For            For          Against       Abstain           Broker  
                                                                                   Non-Votes  
  Not approved          18.67    956,598,432    4,167,583,544    74,910,338    1,218,114,166  
                                                                                              
Shareholder Proposal: Report on AI Data Sourcing Accountability                                                    
                                                                                                 
  Vote result     % Votes For              For          Against        Abstain           Broker  
                                                                                      Non-Votes  
  Not approved          36.19    1,803,298,481    3,179,152,976    216,640,857    1,218,114,166  
                                                                                                 
Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
In January 2021, Microsoft announced a minority investment in Cruise, an autonomous vehicle company which is a     
majority-owned subsidiary of General Motors Company (“GM”). On December 10, 2024, GM announced its intent to       
realign its autonomous driving strategy, no longer fund Cruise’s robotaxi development work, and pursue the         
acquisition of minority investor shares. As a result, we expect to record an impairment charge of approximately    
$800 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2025. This charge will be recorded in other income and expense   
and was not included in our second quarter guidance provided on October 30, 2024. It is estimated to have a        
negative impact of approximately $0.09 to second quarter diluted earnings per share.                               
                                                                                                                   
This Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements, which are any predictions, projections or other statements about
future events based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which are 
described in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements speak only as of  
the date they are made. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and         
Microsoft undertakes no duty to update any forward-looking statement to conform the statement to actual results or 
changes in the company’s expectations.                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form
8-K shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be incorporated by      
reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or 
the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.                     
                                                                                                                   
SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                    
                             MICROSOFT CORPORATION  
  Date: December 11, 2024    /s/ Keith R. Dolliver  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                             Keith R. Dolliver      
                             Corporate Secretary    
                                                    
