                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                              WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                      FORM8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                          PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D)                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                      OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934                                       
                                                                                                                   
                         Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)December 3, 2024                          
                                                                                                                   
                                               Microsoft Corporation                                               
                                                                                               
  Washington                        001-37845                 91-1144442                       
  (State or Other Jurisdictionof    -CommissionFile Number    -IRS EmployerIdentification No.  
  Incorporation)                                                                               
                                                                                               
                                                     
  One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington 98052-6399  
                                                     
                                                   (425)882-8080                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                            www.microsoft.com/investor                                             
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):
                                                                                            
    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                 Securities registered pursuant                                                    
                                 to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                      
  Title of each class                                            Trading Symbol    Name of exchange on which       
                                                                                   registered                      
  Common stock, $0.00000625 par                                                                                    
  value per                                                      MSFT              Nasdaq                          
  share                                                                                                            
  3.125% Notes due 2028                                          MSFT              Nasdaq                          
  2.625% Notes due 2033                                          MSFT              Nasdaq                          
                                                                                                                   
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2
of this chapter). Emerging growth company¨

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act.¨
                            
  Item 8.01.  Other Events  
                            
Microsoft Corporation (the “Company”) is filing this Current Report on Form 8-K to recast certain previously
reported amounts to conform with segment reporting changes made to align our segments with how we manage our
business, with respect to the financial information contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
June 30, 2024 (“2024 Form 10-K”).

In August 2024, we announced changes to the composition of our segments, most notably bringing the commercial
components of Microsoft 365 together in the Productivity and Business Processes segment. Beginning in fiscal year
2025, the information that our chief operating decision maker is regularly provided and reviews for purposes of
allocating resources and assessing performance reflects these segment changes. We provided a brief description of
the segment changes in a Form 8-K filed on August 21, 2024.

The rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission require that when a registrant prepares, on or after the date a
registrant reports an accounting change such as the segment changes noted above, a new registration, proxy, or
information statement (or amends a previously filed registration, proxy, or information statement) that includes or
incorporates by reference financial statements, the registrant must recast the prior period financial statements
included or incorporated by reference in the registration, proxy, or information statement to reflect these types
of changes. Accordingly, the Company is filing this Form 8-K to recast our consolidated financial statements for
each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2024, to reflect the changes in segment reporting as described
above. The updates do not represent a restatement of previously issued financial statements. The recast information
of Items contained in the 2024 Form 10-K is presented in Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 8-K, which is incorporated
herein by reference.

The information included in this Form 8-K is presented for informational purposes only in connection with the
segment reporting changes described above and does not amend or restate our audited consolidated financial
statements, which were included in our 2024 Form 10-K. This Form 8-K does not reflect events occurring after we
filed our 2024 Form 10-K and does not modify or update the disclosures therein in any way, other than to illustrate
the impact of the segment changes as described above. For developments subsequent to the filing of the 2024 Form
10-K, refer to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. This Form 8-K should be
read in conjunction with the 2024 Form 10-K and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
30, 2024.
                                                 
  Item 9.01.  Financial Statements and Exhibits  
                                                 
(d) Exhibits:                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
           Consent Of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm                                                
           Updates, where applicable, to Part I, Item 1. Business, Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and    
           Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements    
  23.1     and Supplementary Data, from Microsoft’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024,   
  99.1     as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 30, 2024                                   
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  101.INS  Inline XBRL Instance Document–the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File as     
           its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document                                              
  101.SCH  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema with Embedded Linkbase Documents                                  
  104      Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                     SIGNATURE                                                     
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                                                   
                            MICROSOFT CORPORATION                                  
  Date: December 3, 2024    /s/ ALICE L. JOLLA                                     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                            Alice L. Jolla                                         
                            Corporate Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer  
                                                                                   
