                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              Washington, D.C. 20549                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                       ____________________________________                                        
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                       ____________________________________                                        
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                          PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                      OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934                                       
                                                                                                                   
                        Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): November 30, 2022                        
                                                                                                                   
                                       ____________________________________                                        
                                                                                                                   
                                                  DoorDash, Inc.                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                               
                                                                                                                   
                                       ____________________________________                                        
                                                                                                     
  Delaware                           001-39759                  46-2852392                           
  (State or other jurisdiction of    -Commission File Number    -I.R.S. Employer Identification No.  
  incorporation or organization)                                                                     
                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                      303 2nd Street, South Tower, 8th Floor                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                          San Francisco, California 94107                                          
                                                                                                                   
                           (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)                            
                                                                                                                   
                                                  ( 650) 487-3970                                                  
                                                                                                                   
                               (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                  Not Applicable                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                           (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)                           
                                                                                                                   
                                       ____________________________________                                        
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

☐Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

☐Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

☐Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

☐Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                                                                        
  Title of each class                   Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Class A common stock, par value of    DASH                 New York Stock Exchange                    
  $0.00001 per share                                                                                    
                                                                                                        
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR §230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR §240.12b-2).

Emerging growth company ☐
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
                                                                   
  Item 2.05    Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities.  
                                                                   
On November 30, 2022, DoorDash, Inc. (the “Company” or “DoorDash”) committed to a reduction in workforce (the
“Plan”) intended to better align the Company’s talent with its strategic priorities and to improve operating
efficiency.

The Plan includes the elimination of approximately 1,250 positions across the Company, or approximately 7% of the
Company’s current employee workforce. The Company estimates that it will incur approximately $ 85 million in
restructuring charges in connection with the Plan, consisting of approximately $ 68 million in cash expenditures
for separation-related payments, benefits, and related taxes, and approximately $ 17 million in stock-based
compensation related to equity compensation for employees who were terminated. The Company expects that most cash
payments and expenses related to reductions in personnel will be incurred by the end of the first quarter of 2023,
and that the implementation of the Plan will be substantially complete by the end of the first quarter of 2023.

The Company may incur other charges or cash expenditures not currently contemplated due to unanticipated events
that may occur as a result of or in connection with the implementation of the Plan. The Company intends to exclude
the charges associated with the Plan from its non-GAAP financial measures, including non-GAAP operating expenses,
contribution profit, adjusted gross profit, and adjusted EBITDA.

This Current Report on Form 8-K (“Current Report”) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), which statements involve substantial risks and
uncertainties. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating
performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as “may,”
“will,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “could,” “would,” “intend,” “target,” “project,” “contemplate,”
“believe,” “estimate,” "aim", "try", “predict,” “potential” or “continue” or the negative of these words or other
similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans, or intentions. Forward-looking
statements in this Current Report include, but are not limited to, statements regarding expectations related to the
costs, timing, and financial impacts of the Plan. The Company’s expectations and beliefs regarding these matters
may not materialize, and actual results in future periods are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those projected. These risks and uncertainties include the possibility
that: there are impediments to our ability to execute the Plan or related initiatives as currently contemplated;
the actual charges in implementing the Plan or related initiatives are higher than anticipated; there are changes
to the assumptions on which the estimated charges associated with the Plan or related initiatives are based; we are
unable to achieve projected cost savings in connection with the Plan or related initiatives; there are unintended
consequences from the Plan or related initiatives that impact our business; there are changes in the macroeconomic
environment that impact our business; or we are unable to make accurate predictions about our future performance
due to our limited operating history. The forward-looking statements contained in this Current Report are also
subject to other risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from the results predicted,
including those more fully described in our filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2021 and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. All forward-looking statements in this Current
Report are based on information available to DoorDash and assumptions and beliefs as of the date hereof, and
DoorDash disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as required by law.
                                                                                                                   
                                                     SIGNATURE                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                                       
  Date: December 1, 2022    DOORDASH, INC.    /s/ Tony Xu              
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                              Tony Xu                  
                                              Chief Executive Officer  
                                                                       
