UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): April 9, 2022 
DoorDash, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                                              
                                                                                                     
  Delaware                           001-39759                  46-2852392                           
  (State or other jurisdiction of    -Commission File Number    -I.R.S. Employer Identification No.  
  incorporation or organization)                                                                     
                                                                                                     
303 2nd Street, South Tower, 8th Floor San Francisco, California 94107 (Address of principal executive offices,    
including zip code) (650) 487-3970 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name
or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:           
                                                                                            
  ☒  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                                        
  Title of each class                   Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Class A common stock, par value of    DASH                 New York Stock Exchange                    
  $0.00001 per share                                                                                    
                                                                                                        
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR §230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR §240.12b-2). 
Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not  
to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided
pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
Item 8.01 Other Events. Amendment to the Share Purchase Agreement As previously announced, on November 9, 2021,    
DoorDash, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“ DoorDash”), Wolt Enterprises Oy, a limited liability company incorporated
and existing under the laws of Finland (“ Wolt”), and Mikko Kuusi, as the representative of Wolt’s securityholders 
(such representative as may be replaced from time to time, the “ Securityholder Representative”), entered into a   
Share Purchase Agreement (the “ Original Share Purchase Agreement”), pursuant to which, subject to the terms and   
conditions thereof, at the closing of the transactions contemplated in the Original Share Purchase Agreement (the “
Closing”), DoorDash would purchase from each Wolt securityholder entering into a joinder agreement to the Original 
Share Purchase Agreement all Wolt shares and all outstanding and unexercised options to subscribe for Wolt common  
shares that are vested as of the Closing (each, a “ Vested Wolt Option”) held by such Wolt securityholders in      
exchange for shares of DoorDash Class A common stock. On April 9, 2022, DoorDash, Wolt and Mikko Kuusi, as the     
Securityholder Representative, entered into an amendment (the “ Amendment”) to the Original Share Purchase         
Agreement (the Original Share Purchase Agreement, as amended by the Amendment, the “ Share Purchase Agreement”) for
the purpose of amending certain terms of the Original Share Purchase Agreement, including in order to (i) revise   
the consideration allocation mechanics in the Original Share Purchase Agreement to accommodate the liquidation     
preference provisions of Wolt’s stockholders’ agreements and articles of association to the extent they would      
entitle a holder of Wolt preferred shares to receive a liquidation preference amount in respect of such Wolt       
preferred shares sold in the proposed transactions and (ii) revise the treatment of Vested Wolt Options to provide 
that upon the Closing, each Vested Wolt Option will automatically be cancelled and the holder thereof shall be     
entitled to receive either a substitute vested option to purchase DoorDash class A common stock (with respect to   
holders who are continuing Wolt employees) or shares of DoorDash Class A common stock (with respect to holders who 
are not continuing Wolt employees), in each case, on the terms and conditions set forth in the Share Purchase      
Agreement. The Share Purchase Agreement contemplates that Wolt’s shareholders will become parties to the Share     
Purchase Agreement through the execution of a joinder agreement and that certain Wolt shareholders will enter into 
a lockup agreement. In connection with entering into the Amendment, the parties also agreed to updated forms of the
lockup agreement and joinder agreement that were attached as an exhibit to the Original Share Purchase Agreement   
(such forms as updated pursuant to the Amendment, the “ Lockup Agreement” and the “ Joinder Agreement,”            
respectively). A copy of the Amendment, the Lockup Agreement and the Joinder Agreement are filed as Exhibit 2.1,   
Exhibit 2.2 and Exhibit 2.3, respectively, to this Form 8-K,and are hereby incorporated by reference into this Item
8.01. Supplemental Disclosure This Form 8-Kupdates, amends and supplements the prospectus (the “ Prospectus”)      
included in the Registration Statement on Amendment No. 1 to Form S-4,File No. 333-261844,filed by DoorDash with   
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC”) on February 24, 2022 and declared effective by the SEC on      
February 28, 2022. The information contained in this Form 8-Kand each of the Amendment, the Lockup Agreement and   
the Joinder Agreement (as attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1, Exhibit 2.2 and Exhibit 2.3, respectively), is           
incorporated by reference into the Prospectus and should be read in conjunction with the Prospectus and any        
updates, amendments or supplements thereto. The summary description of the Amendment, the Lockup Agreement and the 
Joinder Agreement set forth above and below are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the   
Amendment, the Lockup Agreement and the Joinder Agreement. To the extent that information in this Form 8-Kdiffers  
from or updates information contained in the Prospectus, the information in this Form 8-Kshall supersede or        
supplement the information in the Prospectus. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, unless the context 
otherwise requires, the following defined terms used in the Prospectus and this supplemental disclosure shall be   
amended to have the following meanings:                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
  •    all references to the “Share Purchase Agreement” or “Annex A” shall be deemed to refer, where applicable,   
       to the Original Share Purchase Agreement as amended by the Amendment;                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
       all references to the “Lockup Agreement” or “Annex C” shall be deemed to refer, where applicable, to the    
  •    form of Lockup Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit 2.2, which shall amend and restate Annex C to the       
       Prospectus;                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
       all references to the “Joinder Agreement” or “Annex D” shall be deemed to refer, where applicable, to the   
  •    form of Joinder Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit 2.3, which shall amend and restate Annex D to the      
       Prospectus;                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •    all references to terms used in this supplemental disclosure that are not otherwise defined herein shall    
       have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Prospectus; and                                              
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
       all terms defined in this supplemental disclosure that are used in provisions of the Prospectus (whether    
  •    or not such provisions are included in this supplemental disclosure), shall have the meanings ascribed to   
       such terms in this supplemental disclosure.                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  1.  The first eight paragraphs of the cover letter to the Prospectus are hereby amended, restated and            
      supplemented to read as follows:                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
To Securityholders of Wolt Enterprises Oy: As you may be aware, on November 9, 2021, Wolt Enterprises Oy (“ Wolt”),
DoorDash, Inc. (“ DoorDash”) and Mikko Kuusi, as the representative of Wolt’s securityholders (such representative 
as may be replaced from time to time, the “ Securityholder Representative”) entered into a Share Purchase Agreement
(the “ Original Share Purchase Agreement”) and on April 9, 2022, Wolt, DoorDash and the Securityholder             
Representative entered into an amendment to the Original Share Purchase Agreement (the “ Amendment”, and the       
Original Share Purchase Agreement, as amended by the Amendment, the “ Share Purchase Agreement”). Pursuant to the  
Share Purchase Agreement, DoorDash has agreed, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Share   
Purchase Agreement, to purchase all shares of Wolt (including each Wolt share issued or issuable pursuant to a     
valid exercise of a Wolt option that is pending as of the Closing (defined below), a “ Pending Exercise”) held by  
each Wolt securityholder who becomes a party to the Share Purchase Agreement through the execution of a joinder    
agreement to the Share Purchase Agreement (a “ Joinder Agreement,” each such securityholder is referred to herein  
as a “ Seller,” the purchase of such Seller’s Wolt securities is referred to herein as the “ Purchase” and the     
Purchase, together with the other transactions contemplated in the Share Purchase Agreement, are referred to herein
as the “ Transaction”). In connection with the execution of the Original Share Purchase Agreement, Wolt            
shareholders who collectively owned, as of November 9, 2021, approximately 72% of the outstanding Wolt shares and  
approximately 64% of the fully -diluted securities of Wolt (the “ Supporting Stockholders”) entered into support   
agreements (the “ Support Agreements”) with DoorDash, pursuant to which each Supporting Stockholder agreed to sell 
their Wolt shares to DoorDash in accordance with the terms of the Support Agreements and enter into the Share      
Purchase Agreement as a Seller thereunder, and be bound by the obligations set forth therein through the execution 
of a Joinder Agreement, within seventy-two(72) hours following the later of the effectiveness of the registration  
statement, of which this prospectus forms a part, or, as and to the extent required, the date on which the         
prospectus in Finland is approved by the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority and disseminated in accordance    
with the provisions of the Finnish and European Union prospectus regulations.The Support Agreements were entered   
into by holders of 5% or more of Wolt shares, executive officers, directors or founders of Wolt. In connection with
DoorDash, Wolt and the Securityholder Representative entering into the Amendment, each Supporting Stockholder      
entered into an acknowledgement agreement with respect to the amendment of the Share Purchase Agreement. As a      
practical matter for the purposes of the implementation of the Transaction, all Wolt shareholders are expected to  
accede to the Share Purchase Agreement as Sellers by signing Joinder Agreements and certain other ancillary        
documents before the consummation of the Transaction. For each Wolt shareholder who has not voluntarily acceded to 
the Share Purchase Agreement by way of signing a Joinder Agreement, Wolt may, and has agreed, pursuant to the Share
Purchase Agreement, to cause a Joinder Agreement and other documents necessary for transferring such shareholder’s 
Wolt shares to be executed on behalf of such Wolt shareholder as such person’s or entity’s agent and attorney      
pursuant to the Wolt Stockholders’ Agreements (as defined below). For a discussion on the process for obtaining the
Joinder Agreements, see the section titled “ The Share Purchase Agreement—The Transaction” beginning on page 116 of
this prospectus. At the closing of the Purchase (the “ Closing”), each Wolt share (including each Wolt share issued
or issuable pursuant to a Pending Exercise) held by a Seller will be sold to DoorDash in exchange for (i) a number 
of shares of DoorDash Class A common stock (subject to reduction for the shares to be deposited into the escrow    
funds established in connection with the Closing) equal to the Per Share Closing Stock Consideration (as defined in
the Share Purchase Agreement and described below), and (ii) the right to receive a portion of the shares of        
DoorDash Class A common stock released for payment with respect to such share (if any) from the escrow funds       
established in connection with the Purchase as set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement as well as a portion of   
any shares of DoorDash Class A common stock issuable following the Closing in connection with the post-closing     
purchase price adjustments pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, in each case, at the time and in the manner   
contemplated in the Share Purchase Agreement. In addition, with respect to each Wolt Preferred Share (as defined   
below) held by a Seller, if the Per Share Preference Amount (as defined in the Share Purchase                      
                                                                                                                   
Agreement and described below) with respect to such share exceeds the Per Share Reference Amount (as defined in the
Share Purchase Agreement and described below) (the amount of such excess, if any, the “Liquidation Preference Top- 
UpAmount”), then such holder will also be entitled to receive in the Purchase a number of shares of DoorDash Class 
A common stock (subject to reduction for the shares to be deposited into the escrow funds established in connection
with the Closing) equal to the Liquidation Preference Top-Up Amount with respect to such Wolt Preferred Share      
divided by the Acquiror Share Closing Trading Price (as defined in the Share Purchase Agreement and described      
below) (such shares issuable with respect to all Wolt Preferred Shares, if any, are referred to herein as the      
“Liquidation Preference Top-UpShares”). After the Closing, each Seller will own shares of DoorDash Class A common  
stock and will no longer own Wolt securities.                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
At the Closing, all options to subscribe for Wolt class A common shares will be cancelled and extinguished and the 
holders thereof will be entitled to receive the consideration, and on the terms and conditions, provided for in the
Share Purchase Agreement.                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, (i) the “Per Share Closing Stock Consideration” will equal a number of   
shares of DoorDash Class A common stock equal to the Total Share Consideration (as defined in the Share Purchase   
Agreement and described below) divided by the Company Security Number (as defined in the Share Purchase Agreement),
and a portion of the Per Share Closing Stock Consideration will be subject to the holdback and escrow provisions of
the Share Purchase Agreement, (ii) “Wolt Preferred Shares” means, collectively, the Wolt class B preferred shares, 
class C preferred shares, class D preferred shares, class E preferred shares, class F preferred shares and class G 
preferred shares, (iii) the “Per Share Preference Amount” means an amount specified by Wolt as the liquidation     
preference to which an applicable Wolt Preferred Share is entitled in connection with the Purchase pursuant to the 
Wolt Stockholders’ Agreements (as defined below) and the Wolt articles of association (the “Wolt Articles of       
Association”), (iv) the “Acquiror Share Closing Trading Price” means an amount equal to the volume weighted average
price per share rounded to four (4) decimal places (with amounts 0.00005 and above rounded up) of the shares of    
DoorDash Class A common stock on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) for the ten (10) consecutive trading days    
ending with the complete trading day ending on the date that is four (4) trading days prior to the date of the     
Closing (as converted into euros pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement) and (v) the “Per Share Reference Amount”
means an amount equal to the Per Share Closing Stock Consideration multiplied by the Acquiror Share Closing Trading
Price.                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
The Share Purchase Agreement provides that the Total Share Consideration will equal a number of shares of DoorDash 
Class A common stock equal to (i) 39,382,172, plus or minus, as applicable, (ii) a positive or negative number of  
shares (determined in the manner described below) based on the amount of Wolt’s cash and cash equivalents,         
transaction expenses, taxes, indebtedness and debt-like items, net working capital and aggregate option exercise   
prices for outstanding Wolt options (the “Consideration Adjustments”) and minus (iii) the aggregate number of      
Liquidation Preference Top-Up Shares issuable to the holders of Wolt Preferred Shares in connection with the       
Purchase, including all shares to be deposited into the escrow funds with respect thereto (such number calculated  
pursuant to clauses (i) through (iii) is collectively referred to herein as the “Total Share Consideration”). For  
purposes of adjusting the Total Share Consideration, the Consideration Adjustments will be calculated in euros and 
converted into shares based on a per share price of DoorDash Class A common stock of U.S. $206.4513 converted from 
U.S. dollars into euros using the Closing Euro Exchange Rate (as defined below). Pursuant to the Share Purchase    
Agreement, the “Closing Euro Exchange Rate” means the arithmetic mean of the average of the bid and ask spot rates 
for conversion of U.S. dollars to euros as reported by Bloomberg L.P. on each of the screen EUR Curncy BFIX on each
of the ten (10) consecutive trading days ending with the business day ending four (4) business days prior to the   
date of the Closing. Further, the amount of any tax receivables (which have been confirmed by the Finnish Tax      
Administration as refundable or creditable to Wolt) of value-added taxes arising with respect to Wolt’s transaction
costs will be taken into account when computing the amount of the Consideration Adjustments and hence also the     
amount of the Per Share Closing Stock Consideration.                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, each Seller will agree that the consideration payable to each Wolt       
shareholder in connection with the Purchase (including with respect to the method of calculating the amount of     
consideration that each Wolt shareholder is entitled to receive with respect to the preference amounts (or         
otherwise) pursuant to the Wolt Stockholders’ Agreements (as defined below) or pursuant to the Wolt Articles of    
Association, collectively, the “Payment Rights”) is and shall constitute the sole and exclusive consideration that 
such holder is entitled to receive in connection with the Purchase, that the shares of DoorDash Class A common     
stock payable to such holder pursuant to the terms of the Share Purchase Agreement shall satisfy in full the       
Payment Rights, and that no Seller shall have any further claim, and each Seller expressly waives any claim, with  
respect to or in any way related to any Payment Rights or any rights to receive any Wolt shares following the      
Closing.                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
DoorDash Class A common stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol “DASH.” On April 11, 2022, the last reported  
sale price of a share of DoorDash Class A common stock on the NYSE was $104.72. We urge you to obtain current      
market quotations for the DoorDash Class A common stock because the value of the Per Share Closing Stock           
Consideration will fluctuate. In addition, certain key employees of Wolt entered into stock restriction agreements 
with DoorDash prior to the execution of the Share Purchase Agreement. These agreements provide that 40% of the     
aggregate amount of shares of DoorDash Class A common stock and the aggregate amount of shares of DoorDash Class A 
common stock underlying the DoorDash stock options and DoorDash restricted stock units, as applicable, that each   
key employee otherwise would receive on the Closing in exchange for such key employee’s Wolt shares or in          
substitution of such key employee’s Wolt options (collectively, the “ Restricted Consideration”) will be subject to
a four-year time-based vesting schedule as set forth in the stock restriction agreement, subject to such key       
employee’s continued employment with Wolt, DoorDash or one of their subsidiaries through the applicable vesting    
date. If, prior to the date on which the Restricted Consideration is fully vested, there is a change in control of 
Wolt or DoorDash or the key employee’s employment is involuntarily terminated without “cause,” due to such key     
employee’s death or “disability” or for “good reason,” then a portion of such key employee’s then-unvested         
Restricted Consideration will become immediately vested, subject to such key employee (or his or her estate, as    
applicable) timely signing and not revoking a release of claims.                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  2.  The section of the Prospectus entitled “QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE TRANSACTION” is supplemented as      
      follows:                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  a.  The disclosure under the heading “Why am I receiving this prospectus?” on page 1 of the Prospectus is        
      hereby amended and restated to read as follows:                                                              
                                                                                                                   
DoorDash, Inc. (“ DoorDash,” “ we,” “ us” or “ our”) is providing this prospectus to the Wolt securityholders      
because DoorDash has entered into the Share Purchase Agreement, dated November 9, 2021 (the “ Original Share       
Purchase Agreement”), which was amended on April 9, 2022 (the “ Amendment,” and the Original Share Purchase        
Agreement, as amended by the Amendment, the “ Share Purchase Agreement”), by and among Wolt Enterprises Oy (“      
Wolt”), DoorDash and Mikko Kuusi, as the representative of Wolt’s securityholders (such representative as may be   
replaced from time to time, the “ Securityholder Representative”), pursuant to which DoorDash has agreed, on the   
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement, to purchase all shares of Wolt      
(including each Wolt share issued or issuable pursuant to a valid Wolt option exercise that is pending as of the   
Closing (defined below), a “ Pending Exercise”) held by each Wolt securityholder who becomes a party to the Share  
Purchase Agreement through the execution of a joinder agreement to the Share Purchase Agreement (a “ Joinder       
Agreement,” each such securityholder is referred to herein as a “ Seller,” the purchase of such Seller’s Wolt      
securities is referred to herein as the “ Purchase” and the Purchase, together with the other transactions         
contemplated in the Share Purchase Agreement, are referred to herein as the “ Transaction”). Pursuant to the       
registration statement on Form S-4(this “ Registration Statement”), of which this prospectus forms a part, DoorDash
is registering shares of DoorDash Class A common stock issuable to Wolt securityholders upon the closing of the    
Purchase (the “ Closing”), pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement. Applicable requirements of the federal        
securities laws require DoorDash to provide you with information regarding the Transaction. This prospectus        
contains important information about the Transaction, the Share Purchase Agreement, and certain related matters,   
and you should read this prospectus carefully.                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
  b.  The disclosure under the heading “What will Wolt securityholders receive in the Transaction?” beginning on   
      page 2 of the Prospectus is hereby amended and restated to read as follows:                                  
                                                                                                                   
At the Closing, each Wolt share (including each Wolt share issued or issuable pursuant to a Pending Exercise) held 
by a Seller will be sold to DoorDash in exchange for (i) a number of shares of DoorDash Class A common stock       
(subject to reduction for the shares to be deposited into the escrow funds established in connection with the      
Closing) equal to the Per Share Closing Stock Consideration (as defined in the Share Purchase Agreement and        
described below), and (ii) the right to receive a portion of the shares of DoorDash Class A common stock released  
for payment with respect to such share (if any) from the escrow funds established in connection with the Purchase  
as set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement as well as a portion of any shares of DoorDash Class A common stock   
issuable following the Closing in connection with the post-closing purchase price adjustments pursuant to the Share
Purchase Agreement, in each case, at the time and in the manner contemplated in the Share Purchase Agreement. In   
addition, with respect to each Wolt Preferred Share (as defined below) held by a Seller, if the Per Share          
Preference Amount (as defined in the Share Purchase Agreement and described below) with respect to such share      
exceeds the Per Share Reference Amount (as defined in the Share Purchase Agreement and described below) (the amount
of such excess, if any, the “ Liquidation Preference Top-UpAmount”), then such holder will                         
                                                                                                                   
also be entitled to receive in the Purchase a number of shares of DoorDash Class A common stock (subject to        
reduction for the shares to be deposited into the escrow funds established in connection with the Closing) equal to
the Liquidation Preference Top-Up Amount with respect to such Wolt Preferred Share divided by the Acquiror Share   
Closing Trading Price (as defined in the Share Purchase Agreement and described below) (such shares issuable with  
respect to all Wolt Preferred Shares, if any, are referred to herein as the “Liquidation Preference Top-UpShares”).
After the Closing, each Seller will own shares of DoorDash Class A common stock and will no longer own Wolt        
securities. A portion of the shares of DoorDash Class A common stock, Substitute Options (as defined below) and    
Substitute RSUs (as defined below) received by certain key employees of Wolt in exchange of their Wolt shares or in
substitution of their Wolt options will, subject to their continued employment, vest gradually over a four-year    
period.                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
At the Closing, all options to subscribe for Wolt class A common shares will be cancelled and extinguished and the 
holders thereof will be entitled to receive the consideration, and on the terms and conditions, provided for in the
Share Purchase Agreement.                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, (i) the “Per Share Closing Stock Consideration” will equal a number of   
shares of DoorDash Class A common stock equal to the Total Share Consideration (as defined in the Share Purchase   
Agreement and described below) divided by the Company Security Number (as defined in the Share Purchase Agreement),
and a portion of the Per Share Closing Stock Consideration will be subject to the holdback and escrow provisions of
the Share Purchase Agreement, (ii) “Wolt Preferred Shares” means, collectively, the Wolt class B preferred shares, 
class C preferred shares, class D preferred shares, class E preferred shares, class F preferred shares and class G 
preferred shares, (iii) the “Per Share Preference Amount” means an amount specified by Wolt as the liquidation     
preference to which an applicable Wolt Preferred Share is entitled in connection with the Purchase pursuant to the 
Wolt Stockholders’ Agreements (as defined below) and the Wolt articles of association (the “Wolt Articles of       
Association”), (iv) the “Acquiror Share Closing Trading Price” means an amount equal to the volume weighted average
price per share rounded to four (4) decimal places (with amounts 0.00005 and above rounded up) of the shares of    
DoorDash Class A common stock on the NYSE for the ten (10) consecutive trading days ending with the complete       
trading day ending on the date that is four (4) trading days prior to the Closing Date (as converted into euros    
pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement) and (v) the “Per Share Reference Amount” means an amount equal to the Per
Share Closing Stock Consideration multiplied by the Acquiror Share Closing Trading Price.                          
                                                                                                                   
The Share Purchase Agreement provides that the Total Share Consideration will equal a number of shares of DoorDash 
Class A common stock equal to (i) 39,382,172, plus or minus, as applicable, (ii) a positive or negative number of  
shares (determined in the manner described below) based on the amount of Wolt’s cash and cash equivalents,         
transaction expenses, taxes, indebtedness and debt-like items, net working capital and aggregate option exercise   
prices for outstanding Wolt options (the “Consideration Adjustments”) and minus (iii) the aggregate number of      
Liquidation Preference Top-Up Shares issuable to the holders of Wolt Preferred Shares in connection with the       
Purchase, including all shares to be deposited into the escrow funds with respect thereto (such number calculated  
pursuant to clauses (i) through (iii) is collectively referred to herein as the “Total Share Consideration”). For  
purposes of adjusting the Total Share Consideration, the Consideration Adjustments will be calculated in euros and 
converted into shares based on a per share price of DoorDash Class A common stock of U.S. $206.4513 converted from 
U.S. dollars into euros using the Closing Euro Exchange Rate (as defined below). Pursuant to the Share Purchase    
Agreement, the “Closing Euro Exchange Rate” means the arithmetic mean of the average of the bid and ask spot rates 
for conversion of U.S. dollars to euros as reported by Bloomberg L.P. on each of the screen EUR Curncy BFIX on each
of the ten (10) consecutive trading days ending with the business day ending four (4) business days prior to the   
date of the Closing. Further, the amount of any tax receivables (which have been confirmed by the Finnish Tax      
Administration as refundable or creditable to Wolt) of value-added taxes arising with respect to Wolt’s transaction
costs will be taken into account when computing the amount of the Consideration Adjustments and hence also the     
amount of the Per Share Closing Stock Consideration.                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, each Seller will agree that the consideration payable to each Wolt       
shareholder in connection with the Purchase (including with respect to the method of calculating the amount of     
consideration that each Wolt shareholder is entitled to receive with respect to the preference amounts (or         
otherwise) pursuant to the Wolt Stockholders’ Agreements or pursuant to the Wolt Articles of Association,          
collectively, the “Payment Rights”) is and shall constitute the sole and exclusive consideration that such holder  
is entitled to receive in connection with the Purchase, that the shares of DoorDash Class A common stock payable to
such holder pursuant to the terms of the Share Purchase Agreement shall satisfy in full the Payment Rights, and    
that no Seller shall have any further claim, and each Seller expressly waives any claim, with respect to or in any 
way related to any Payment Rights or any rights to receive any Wolt shares following the Closing.                  
                                                                                                                   
See the section titled “ The Share Purchase Agreement—Treatment of Wolt Securities; Purchase Price Consideration   
and Adjustments” beginning on page 117 of the Prospectus.                                                          
                                                                                                                   
      The disclosure under the heading “Is any portion of the consideration otherwise payable to Wolt              
  c.  securityholders being subject to re-vesting?” on page 3 of the Prospectus is hereby amended and restated to  
      read as follows:                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
Certain key employees of Wolt entered into stock restriction agreements with DoorDash prior to the execution of the
Share Purchase Agreement. These agreements provide that 40% of the aggregate amount of shares of DoorDash Class A  
common stock and the aggregate amount of shares of DoorDash Class A common stock underlying the DoorDash stock     
options and DoorDash restricted stock units, as applicable, that each key employee otherwise would receive on the  
Closing in exchange for such key employee’s Wolt shares or in substitution of such key employee’s Wolt options     
(collectively, the “ Restricted Consideration”) will be subject to a four-year time-based vesting schedule as set  
forth in the stock restriction agreement, subject to such key employee’s continued employment with Wolt, DoorDash  
or one of their subsidiaries through the applicable vesting date. If, prior to the date on which the Restricted    
Consideration is fully vested, there is a change in control of Wolt or DoorDash or the key employee’s employment is
involuntarily terminated without “cause,” due to such key employee’s death or “disability” or for “good reason,”   
then a portion of such key employee’s then-unvested Restricted Consideration will become immediately vested,       
subject to such key employee (or his or her estate, as applicable) timely signing and not revoking a release of    
claims.                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
      The first paragraph of the disclosure under the heading “Is any portion of the consideration otherwise       
  d.  payable to Wolt securityholders being held back for the satisfaction of indemnification claims?” on page 3   
      of the Prospectus is hereby amended, restated and supplemented to read as follows:                           
                                                                                                                   
Yes. In connection with the Closing, DoorDash will hold back from the shares of DoorDash Class A common stock      
otherwise payable to the Sellers and the holders of Stock-Eligible Vested Wolt Options (as defined below) a number 
of shares of DoorDash Class A common stock equal to such Seller’s and/or Wolt optionholder’s Pro Rata Indemnity    
Escrow Portion (as defined in the Share Purchase Agreement and described below) of the Indemnity Escrow Number (as 
defined below), rounded up to the nearest whole share (such shares, the “ Indemnity Escrow Shares”). As soon as    
reasonably practicable after the Closing, DoorDash will deposit the Indemnity Escrow Shares with Computershare     
Trust Company, or another person selected by DoorDash to serve as an escrow agent (the “ Escrow Agent”), which     
shall be held in trust as an escrow fund (the “ Indemnity Escrow Fund”) in accordance with the terms of the Share  
Purchase Agreement and the escrow agreement (the “ Escrow Agreement”). The Indemnity Escrow Shares, together with a
portion of the Substitute Options and Substitute RSUs issuable in connection with the Closing (which portion will  
be based on each Wolt optionholder’s Pro Rata Indemnity Escrow Portion of the Indemnity Escrow Number) shall       
constitute the “ Indemnity Escrow Available Recourse” and the Indemnity Escrow Available Recourse shall be         
available to compensate the Indemnified Parties for any claims by such Indemnified Party (as defined below) for any
losses suffered or incurred by them and for which they are entitled to recovery under the Share Purchase Agreement.
The Substitute Options and Substitute RSUs included in the Indemnity Escrow Available Recourse are referred to     
herein as the “ Indemnity Escrow Substitute Options” and the “ Indemnity Escrow Substitute RSUs,” respectively.    
Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, (i) the “ Indemnity Escrow Number” means a number equal to 2,250,409 and 
(ii) the “ Pro Rata Indemnity Escrow Portion” means, with respect to each Indemnifying Party (as defined below), an
amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the quotient of (x) the aggregate number of shares of DoorDash Class A 
common stock issuable to such Indemnifying Party in connection with the Closing with respect to their Wolt shares  
and Stock-Eligible Vested Wolt Options plus the aggregate number of shares of DoorDash Class A common stock        
issuable to such Indemnifying Party upon the full exercise of all Substitute Options and the full settlement of all
Substitute RSUs issuable to such Indemnifying Party in connection with the Closing (in each case, prior to giving  
effect to the reduction of such amounts for the escrow amounts contemplated pursuant to the Share Purchase         
Agreement), divided by (y) the sum of the aggregate number of shares of DoorDash Class A common stock issuable to  
all Indemnifying Parties in connection with the Closing with respect to their Wolt shares and Stock-Eligible Vested
Wolt Options plus the aggregate number of shares of DoorDash Class A common stock issuable to all Indemnifying     
Parties upon the full exercise of all Substitute Options and the full settlement of all Substitute RSUs issuable in
connection with the Closing (in each case, prior to giving effect to the reduction of such amounts for the escrow  
amounts contemplated pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement). In addition, after giving effect to the hold back  
and escrow of the Indemnity Escrow Shares, if the number of shares of DoorDash Class A common stock actually       
payable with respect to a Wolt Preferred Share in connection with the Closing has an attributed value (based on the
Acquiror Share Closing Trading Price and excluding the Indemnity Escrow Shares) that is less than the Per Share    
Preference Amount with respect to such Wolt Preferred Share (such Wolt Preferred Shares,                           
                                                                                                                   
the “ Potential Preference Eligible Wolt Preferred Shares”), then an additional escrow shall be established and    
DoorDash will hold back from the shares of DoorDash Class A common stock otherwise payable to the Sellers and the  
holders of Stock-Eligible Vested Wolt Options a number of shares equal to such Seller’s and/or Wolt optionholder’s 
Pro Rata Contribution Escrow Portion (as defined in the Share Purchase Agreement and described below) of the True- 
UpEscrow Share Number (as defined in the Share Purchase Agreement and described below), rounded up to the nearest  
whole share (such shares, the “ True-UpEscrow Shares”). As soon as reasonably practicable after the Closing,       
DoorDash will deposit the True-UpEscrow Shares with the Escrow Agent, which shall be held in trust as an escrow    
fund (the “ True-UpEscrow Fund”) in accordance with the terms of the Share Purchase Agreement and the Escrow       
Agreement. The True-UpEscrow Shares, together with a portion of the Substitute Options and Substitute RSUs issuable
in connection with the Closing (which portion will be based on each Wolt optionholder’s Pro Rata Contribution      
Escrow Portion of the True-UpEscrow Share Number) shall constitute the “ True-Up Escrow Available Recourse” and the
True-UpEscrow Available Recourse shall be available for distribution pursuant to the purchase price true-          
upprovisions of the Share Purchase Agreement. The Substitute Options and Substitute RSUs included in the True-     
UpEscrow Available Recourse (if any) are referred to herein as the “ True-UpEscrow Substitute Options” and the “   
True-Up Escrow Substitute RSUs,” respectively. If applicable, (i) the “ True-UpEscrow Share Number” will equal the 
number of Indemnity Escrow Shares deposited into the Indemnity Escrow Fund with respect to the Potential Preference
Eligible Wolt Preferred Shares and (ii) the “ Pro Rata Contribution Escrow Portion” shall mean, with respect to    
each Indemnifying Party, an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the quotient of (x) the number of Wolt     
securities (excluding the Potential Preference Eligible Wolt Preferred Shares and excluding Wolt Preferred Shares  
entitled to receive Liquidation Preference Top-UpShares in connection with the Closing) held by such Indemnifying  
Party as of immediately prior to the Closing (calculated on an as-convertedbasis), divided by (y) the number of    
Wolt securities (excluding the Potential Preference Eligible Preferred Stock and excluding Wolt Preferred Shares   
entitled to receive Liquidation Preference Top-UpShares in connection with the Closing) held by all Indemnifying   
Parties as of immediately prior to the Closing (calculated on an as-convertedbasis).                               
                                                                                    
  3.  The section of the Prospectus entitled “SUMMARY” is supplemented as follows:  
                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
  a.  The disclosure under the heading “Parties to the Share Purchase Agreement—Sellers” on page 8 of the          
      Prospectus is hereby amended and restated to read as follows:                                                
                                                                                                                   
Wolt shareholders who execute a Joinder Agreement shall become a party to the Share Purchase Agreement as a Seller 
thereunder.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
  b.  The first three paragraphs of the disclosure under the heading “The Transaction and the Share Purchase       
      Agreement” beginning on page 8 of the Prospectus is hereby amended and restated to read as follows:          
                                                                                                                   
The terms and conditions of the Transaction described below are contained in the Share Purchase Agreement, which is
attached to this document as Annex Aand is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety. You are encouraged to 
read the Share Purchase Agreement carefully, as it is the legal document that governs the Transaction. DoorDash has
agreed, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement, to purchase all      
shares of Wolt (including each Wolt share issued or issuable pursuant to a Pending Exercise) held by each Seller.  
If all Wolt shareholders do not voluntarily accede to the Transaction by way of signing a Joinder Agreement within 
forty (40) days following the later of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or, as and to the extent    
required, the date on which the Finnish Prospectus (as defined below) is approved by the Finnish Financial         
Supervisory Authority and disseminated in accordance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulations (the “      
Registration Statement Effective Date”), Wolt and each Supporting Stockholder shall, in accordance with the        
provisions of the Share Purchase Agreement and within two (2) business days thereafter, commence the Drag-Along    
Exercise (as defined in the Share Purchase Agreement), cause the Drag-Along Exercise to remain effective through   
the completion of the Transaction and cause a Joinder Agreement to be executed on behalf of each Wolt shareholder  
that has not duly executed and delivered a binding Joinder Agreement as such person’s or entity’s agent and        
attorney pursuant to the amended and restated shareholders’ agreement relating to Wolt, dated as of December 30,   
2020, as amended from time to time (the “ Wolt Majority Stockholders’ Agreement”), and the amended and restated    
minority shareholders’ agreement relating to Wolt, dated as of December 30, 2020, as amended from time to time (the
“ Wolt Minority Stockholders’ Agreement” and, together with the Wolt Majority Stockholders’ Agreement, the “ Wolt  
Stockholders’ Agreements”). The Supporting Stockholders constitute the requisite majorities to commence the Drag-  
Along Exercise.                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
      The eleventh and twelfth bulleted disclosures under the heading “Conditions to the Completion of the         
  c.  Transaction” beginning on page 10 of the Prospectus are hereby amended, restated and supplemented to read    
      as follows:                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
       with respect to DoorDash’s obligations to complete the Transaction, (i) DoorDash shall have received        
       Joinder Agreements from Wolt shareholders, duly executed by or on behalf of, and binding upon, each such    
       Wolt shareholder (including by such person’s agent and attorney pursuant to the Wolt Stockholders’          
  •    Agreements and in accordance with applicable law), collectively owning all right, title and interest in     
       and to 100% of the outstanding Wolt shares as of the Closing, calculated on a fully-diluted basis and (ii)  
       each Wolt shareholder (including any securityholder subject to a Pending Exercise) shall have become a      
       party to the Share Purchase Agreement;                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
       with respect to DoorDash’s obligations to complete the Transaction, (i) DoorDash shall have received        
       Joinder Agreements from Wolt shareholders (including the Supporting Stockholders) duly executed by, and     
       binding upon, each such Wolt shareholder in its, his or her own and personal capacity (without application  
       or enforcement of the drag-along provisions in the Wolt Stockholders’ Agreements), collectively owning all  
       right, title and interest in and to (a) at least 95% of the outstanding Wolt shares and the votes           
       pertaining thereto and (b) at least 95% of the sum of all outstanding Wolt shares, plus all Wolt shares     
       issued or issuable in connection with any Pending Exercise, plus all Wolt shares issued or issuable in      
       respect of options to subscribe for Wolt shares which the holder has purported to exercise prior to the     
       Closing Date and the votes pertaining thereto (such securityholders specified in clauses (a) and (b),       
  •    collectively, the “Supermajority Securityholders” and such Wolt shares and other Wolt securities,           
       collectively, the “Supermajority Securities”), in each case as of the Closing, as well as, if applicable,   
       Lockup Agreements from each of those Wolt shareholders (including the Supporting Stockholders) delivering   
       Joinder Agreements who hold at least 1.5% of the outstanding Wolt shares (other than any person or entity   
       who has executed a stock restriction agreement with DoorDash), in each case, such that at the Closing,      
       DoorDash obtains a statutory right to initiate a squeeze-out process pursuant to Chapter 18 of the Finnish  
       Companies Act (624/2006, as amended), (ii) each such Supermajority Securityholder shall have become a       
       party to the Share Purchase Agreement and (iii) such Lockup Agreements and Joinder Agreements shall be in   
       full force and effect and no Supermajority Securityholder shall have made any claim or commenced any        
       litigation challenging the validity or enforceability of the Drag-Along Exercise or such Lockup Agreements  
       or Joinder Agreements;                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
       with respect to DoorDash’s obligations to complete the transaction, at the Closing, DoorDash shall acquire  
       (i) all right, title and interest in and to the Supermajority Securities, free and clear of all liens and   
       (ii) all right, title and interest in all of the Wolt shares (including each Wolt share issued or issuable  
  •    pursuant to a Pending Exercise) that do not constitute the Supermajority Securities (the “Minority Dragged  
       Shares”), free and clear of all liens except for liens arising from the challenge, if any, by the holders   
       of Minority Dragged Shares of the validity of the execution of the Joinder Agreement on behalf of such      
       holders of the Minority Dragged Shares pursuant to the Wolt Stockholders’ Agreements; and                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •    with respect to DoorDash’s obligations to complete the Transaction, effective as of the Closing, all        
       options to subscribe for Wolt shares shall have been cancelled.                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  d.  The first paragraph of the disclosure under the heading “The Support Agreements” on page 12 of the           
      Prospectus is hereby amended and restated to read as follows:                                                
                                                                                                                   
In connection with the execution of the Original Share Purchase Agreement, certain of the Wolt shareholders who    
collectively owned, as of November 9, 2021, approximately 72% of the outstanding Wolt shares and approximately 64% 
of the fully -diluted securities of Wolt (the “ Supporting Stockholders”) entered into support agreements (the “   
Support Agreements”) with DoorDash, pursuant to which each Supporting Stockholder agreed to sell their Wolt shares 
to DoorDash in accordance with the terms of the Support Agreements and enter into the Share Purchase Agreement as a
Seller thereunder, and be bound by the obligations set forth therein through the execution of a Joinder Agreement, 
within seventy-two(72) hours following the Registration Statement Effective Date.The Support Agreements were       
entered into by holders of 5% or more of Wolt shares, executive officers, directors or founders of Wolt. In        
connection with DoorDash, Wolt and the Securityholder Representative entering into the Amendment, each Supporting  
Stockholder entered into an acknowledgement agreement with respect to the amendment of the Share Purchase          
Agreement.                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
  e.  The first two paragraphs of the disclosure under the heading “The Joinder Agreements” beginning on page 12   
      of the Prospectus are hereby amended and restated to read as follows:                                        
                                                                                                                   
Under the Share Purchase Agreement, each Wolt shareholder and any other Wolt securityholder subject to a Pending   
Exercise will be given the opportunity to execute a Joinder Agreement, pursuant to which such Wolt shareholder or  
securityholder, as applicable, will be added as a party to the Share Purchase Agreement as a Seller in the same    
manner and capacity as if such Wolt shareholder or securityholder, as applicable, was an original party to the     
Share Purchase Agreement. DoorDash and Wolt are each contemplated to be a party to the Joinder Agreements. Each    
Wolt securityholder party to the Joinder Agreements would represent and warrant, among other things, as to the     
number and kind of securities held by such Wolt securityholder. As a practical matter for the purposes of the      
implementation of the Transaction, all Wolt shareholders are expected to accede to the Share Purchase Agreement as 
Sellers by signing Joinder Agreements and certain other ancillary documents before the consummation of the         
Transaction. For each Wolt shareholder who has not voluntarily acceded to the Share Purchase Agreement by way of   
signing a Joinder Agreement, Wolt may, and has agreed, pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, to cause a Joinder
Agreement and other documents necessary for transferring such shareholder’s Wolt shares to be executed on behalf of
such Wolt shareholder as such person’s or entity’s agent and attorney pursuant to the Wolt Stockholders’           
Agreements.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
  4.  The section of the Prospectus entitled “RISK FACTORS—Risks Related to the Transaction” is supplemented as    
      follows:                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
      The disclosure in the risk factor titled “The share consideration is calculated based on a fixed number of   
      shares of DoorDash Class A common stock (subject to certain adjustments set forth in the Share Purchase      
  a.  Agreement) and will not be adjusted based on DoorDash’s stock price. As a result, Wolt securityholders       
      cannot be certain of the market value of the shares of DoorDash Class A common stock they will receive in    
      the Purchase until the Purchase is completed.” beginning on page 24 of the Prospectus is hereby amended and  
      restated to read as follows:                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
At the Closing, each Wolt share (including each Wolt share issued or issuable pursuant to a Pending Exercise) held 
by a Seller will be sold to DoorDash in exchange for (i) a number of shares of DoorDash Class A common stock       
(subject to reduction for the shares to be deposited into the escrow funds established in connection with the      
Closing) equal to the Per Share Closing Stock Consideration, and (ii) the right to receive a portion of the shares 
of DoorDash Class A common stock released for payment with respect to such share (if any) from the escrow funds    
established in connection with the Purchase as set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement as well as a portion of   
any shares of DoorDash Class A common stock issuable following the Closing in connection with the post-closing     
purchase price adjustments pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, in each case, at the time and in the manner   
contemplated in the Share Purchase Agreement. In addition, with respect to each Wolt Preferred Share held by a     
Seller, if the Per Share Preference Amount with respect to such share exceeds the Per Share Reference Amount (the  
amount of such excess, if any, the “ Liquidation Preference Top-UpAmount”), then such holder will also be entitled 
to receive in the Purchase a number of shares of DoorDash Class A common stock (subject to reduction for the shares
to be deposited into the escrow funds established in connection with the Closing) equal to the Liquidation         
Preference Top-UpAmount with respect to such Wolt Preferred Share divided by the Acquiror Share Closing Trading    
Price (such shares issuable with respect to all Wolt Preferred Shares, if any, are referred to herein as the “     
Liquidation Preference Top-UpShares”). After the Closing, each Seller will own shares of DoorDash Class A common   
stock and will no longer own Wolt securities. A portion of the shares of DoorDash Class A common stock, Substitute 
Options and Substitute RSUs received by certain key employees of Wolt in exchange of their Wolt shares or in       
substitution of their Wolt options will, subject to their continued employment, vest gradually over a four-year    
period. At the Closing, all options to subscribe for Wolt class A common shares will be cancelled and extinguished 
and the holders thereof will be entitled to receive the consideration, and on the terms and conditions, provided   
for in the Share Purchase Agreement. Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, (i) the “ Per Share Closing Stock   
Consideration” will equal a number of shares of DoorDash Class A common stock equal to the Total Share             
Consideration divided by the Company Security Number, and a portion of the Per Share Closing Stock Consideration   
will be subject to the holdback and escrow provisions of the Share Purchase Agreement, (ii) “ Wolt Preferred       
Shares” means, collectively, the Wolt class B preferred shares, class C preferred shares, class D preferred shares,
class E preferred shares, class F preferred shares and class G preferred shares, (iii) the “ Per Share Preference  
Amount” means an amount specified by Wolt as the liquidation preference to which an applicable Wolt Preferred Share
is entitled in connection with the Purchase pursuant to the Wolt Stockholders’ Agreements (as defined below) and   
the Wolt Articles of Association, (iv) the “ Acquiror Share Closing Trading Price” means an amount equal to the    
volume weighted average price per share rounded to four (4) decimal places (with amounts 0.00005 and above rounded 
                                                                                                                   
up) of the shares of DoorDash Class A common stock on the NYSE for the ten (10) consecutive trading days ending    
with the complete trading day ending on the date that is four (4) trading days prior to the Closing Date (as       
converted into euros pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement) and (v) the “ Per Share Reference Amount” means an  
amount equal to the Per Share Closing Stock Consideration multiplied by the Acquiror Share Closing Trading Price.  
The Share Purchase Agreement provides that the Total Share Consideration will equal a number of shares of DoorDash 
Class A common stock equal to (i) 39,382,172, plus or minus, as applicable, (ii) a positive or negative number of  
shares (determined in the manner described below) based on the amount of Wolt’s cash and cash equivalents,         
transaction expenses, taxes, indebtedness and debt-like items, net working capital and aggregate option exercise   
prices for outstanding Wolt options (the “ Consideration Adjustments”) and minus (iii) the aggregate number of     
Liquidation Preference Top-UpShares issuable to the holders of Wolt Preferred Shares in connection with the        
Purchase, including all shares to be deposited into the escrow funds with respect thereto. For purposes of         
adjusting the Total Share Consideration, the Consideration Adjustments will be calculated in euros and converted   
into shares based on a per share price of DoorDash Class A common stock of U.S. $206.4513 converted from U.S.      
dollars into euros using the Closing Euro Exchange Rate. Further, the amount of any tax receivables (which have    
been confirmed by the Finnish Tax Administration as refundable or creditable to Wolt) of value-added taxes arising 
with respect to Wolt’s transaction costs will be taken into account when computing the amount of the Consideration 
Adjustments and hence also the amount of the Per Share Closing Stock Consideration. Pursuant to the Share Purchase 
Agreement, each Seller will agree that the consideration payable to each Wolt shareholder in connection with the   
Purchase (including with respect to the method of calculating the amount of consideration that each Wolt           
shareholder is entitled to receive with respect to the preference amounts (or otherwise) pursuant to the Wolt      
Stockholders’ Agreements or pursuant to the Wolt Articles of Association, collectively, the “ Payment Rights”) is  
and shall constitute the sole and exclusive consideration that such holder is entitled to receive in connection    
with the Purchase, that the shares of DoorDash Class A common stock payable to such holder pursuant to the terms of
the Share Purchase Agreement shall satisfy in full the Payment Rights, and that no Seller shall have any further   
claim, and each Seller expressly waives any claim, with respect to or in any way related to any Payment Rights or  
any rights to receive any Wolt shares following the Closing. The Total Share Consideration will not be adjusted for
changes in the market price of DoorDash Class A common stock between the date that the Share Purchase Agreement was
signed and completion of the Transaction. Changes in the market price of DoorDash Class A common stock prior to the
completion of the Transaction will affect the value that Wolt securityholders will receive in the Transaction.     
Neither DoorDash nor Wolt is permitted to terminate the Share Purchase Agreement solely as a result of any increase
or decrease in the market price of DoorDash Class A common stock. Stock price changes may result from a variety of 
factors, including general market and economic conditions (such as levels inflation, general employment and wages, 
interest rates and currency fluctuations), changes in geopolitical conditions (such as regional or local conflicts,
trade disputes or trade restrictions), changes in the values and perceptions of food delivery logistics platform   
stocks, stocks generally or DoorDash, Wolt or the Transaction in particular, changes in DoorDash’s business,       
operations and prospects, the ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19),including the recent and potential future outbreaks of
novel strains of COVID-19,and actions taken to contain it, and regulatory considerations. Many of these factors are
beyond DoorDash’s control.                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
      The disclosure in the risk factor titled “Wolt shareholders and Wolt Vested Optionholders will have a        
      significantly lower ownership and voting interest in DoorDash following the Transaction than they currently  
  b.  have or would potentially have had in Wolt and will exercise less influence over management, in addition to  
      which employees will become subject to policies restricting their stock trading during certain time          
      periods.” on page 28 of the Prospectus is hereby amended and restated to read as follows:                    
                                                                                                                   
Based on the consideration anticipated to be payable to Wolt’s shareholders and holders of Stock-Eligible Vested   
Wolt Options pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, and the number of shares of DoorDash Class A common stock   
outstanding as of January 31, 2022, it is expected that, immediately after completion of the Transaction, former   
Wolt shareholders and holders of Stock-Eligible Vested Wolt Options will own approximately 9.5% of the outstanding 
DoorDash Class A common stock, resulting in a corresponding dilution of the total ownership of existing holders of 
DoorDash Class A common stock. Consequently, former Wolt shareholders will have less influence over the management 
and policies of DoorDash than they currently have over the management and policies of Wolt, and former Wolt Vested 
Optionholders (as defined below) will have less influence over the management and policies of DoorDash than they   
would potentially have had over the management and policies of Wolt as shareholders of Wolt, after exercising their
option rights. The estimated dilution is exclusive of the DoorDash shares that will be deposited into the Indemnity
Escrow Fund at                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Closing as further described in the Share Purchase Agreement as well as any further dilution that would be caused  
as a result of exercises of the Substitute Options (which will be vested at Closing), the vesting and settlement of
the Substitute RSUs or the vesting and settlement of the Retention Awards. Such anticipated dilution is based, in  
part, on Wolt’s current estimate of the Consideration Adjustments as well as Wolt’s other purchase price adjustment
estimates, which will not be determined until the Closing and are subject to post-closing purchase price           
adjustments (as further described herein). Any changes in the amount of the Consideration Adjustments or Wolt’s    
other purchase price adjustment estimates, as compared to the estimated amounts used for purposes of the above     
estimate, would result in the dilution of the ownership of existing holders of DoorDash Class A common stock being 
proportionately decreased or increased, as applicable. In addition, Wolt employees will become subject to DoorDash 
policies, including an insider trading policy, which will restrict the Wolt employees’ ability to sell DoorDash    
Class A common stock during certain time periods.                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
      The following risk factors is hereby inserted after the risk factor titled “Wolt shareholders and Wolt       
      Vested Optionholders will have a significantly lower ownership and voting interest in DoorDash following     
  c.  the Transaction than they currently have or would potentially have had in Wolt and will exercise less        
      influence over management, in addition to which employees will become subject to policies restricting their  
      stock trading during certain time periods.” on page 28 of the Prospectus:                                    
                                                                                                                   
Holders of Stock-Eligible Vested Wolt Options who fail to timely execute the Optionholder Acknowledgement and      
Waiver will not be entitled to receive any consideration with respect to such Stock-Eligible Vested Wolt Options.  
As further described in the section titled “ The Share Purchase Agreement—Treatment of Wolt Securities; Purchase   
Price Consideration and Adjustments—Treatment of Wolt Options” of this prospectus, each holder of Stock-Eligible   
Vested Wolt Options will be required to execute and deliver the Optionholder Acknowledgement and Waiver (as defined
below) prior to the Post-Closing Deadline (as defined in the Share Purchase Agreement) in order to receive the     
consideration payable pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement with respect to such Stock-Eligible Vested Wolt     
Options and, if such holder fails to do so, such holder shall not be entitled to receive any consideration with    
respect to such Stock-Eligible Vested Wolt Options, notwithstanding that such option shall have terminated at the  
Closing.                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
  5.  The section of the Prospectus entitled “RISK FACTORS—Risks Relating to DoorDash and Wolt after Completion    
      of the Transaction” is supplemented as follows:                                                              
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
      The disclosure in, and the title of, the risk factor titled “The shares of DoorDash Class A common stock to  
  a.  be received by Wolt shareholders and Wolt Vested Optionholders upon completion of the Transaction will have  
      different rights from Wolt shares.” beginning on page 81 of the Prospectus is hereby amended and restated    
      to read as follows:                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
The shares of DoorDash Class A common stock will have different rights from Wolt shares. Upon the Closing, the     
Sellers holding Wolt shares and Wolt optionholders will no longer be securityholders of Wolt. Instead, the Sellers 
and the holders of Stock-Eligible Vested Wolt Options who have executed the Optionholder Acknowledgement and Waiver
prior to the Post-Closing Deadline (as defined in the Share Purchase Agreement), will become stockholders of       
DoorDash and their rights as DoorDash stockholders will be governed by the terms of DoorDash’s amended and restated
certificate of incorporation (the “ DoorDash Certificate”) and DoorDash’s amended and restated bylaws (the “       
DoorDash Bylaws”). In addition, holders of Substitution-Eligible Vested Wolt Options (as defined below) and        
Substitution-Eligible Unvested Wolt Options (as defined below), will become holders of Substitute Options and      
Substitute RSUs and their rights with respect thereto will be governed by the applicable DoorDash equity incentive 
plan and any applicable award agreement thereunder. The terms of the DoorDash Certificate and the DoorDash Bylaws  
are in some respects materially different than the terms of the Wolt Articles of Association, which currently      
govern the rights of Wolt shareholders. For a discussion of the different rights associated with Wolt shares and   
shares of DoorDash Class A common stock, see the section titled “ Comparison of Rights of DoorDash Stockholders and
Wolt Shareholders” beginning on page 149 of this prospectus.                                                       
                                                                                                                   
  6.  The section of the Prospectus entitled “RISK FACTORS—Risks Relating to Wolt’s Business” is supplemented as   
      follows:                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
      The following risk factors is hereby inserted after the risk factor titled “Wolt’s international operations  
  a.  subject it to additional risks that can adversely affect Wolt’s business, results of operations and          
      financial condition.” on page 84 of the Prospectus:                                                          
                                                                                                                   
The conflict between Russia and Ukraine and its impact, including the related sanctions and export controls, could 
adversely affect Wolt’s results of operations. As a result of Russia’s military attack and operations in Ukraine,  
the European Union, the United Kingdom and the United States, among others, have developed coordinated sanctions   
and export-control measure packages targeting Russia. While Wolt does not operate in Russia or Ukraine, it has     
significant operations in countries that border Russia and Ukraine and has customers and partners from both        
countries. Russian military operations, as well as sanctions and export controls, may negatively impact Wolt’s     
operations by, for example:                                                                                        
                                                                                      
  •    causing Wolt to discontinue relationships with certain customers or partners;  
                                                                                      
                                                                                                                
  •    limiting, or eliminating, the availability of certain products available from merchants or Wolt Market;  
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
  •    restricting Wolt’s ability to pay, or receive payment from, customers and partners using Russian financial  
       institutions;                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                       
  •    disrupting internet access, mobile connectivity or use of mobile applications;  
                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
       increasing the costs of sanctions compliance, in particular as Wolt has a payment institution license in    
  •    Finland and is obligated to act in compliance with regulatory conditions associated therewith, with a risk  
       of monetary fines and/or suspension of licensed activities for failure to comply;                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •    increasing the costs of fuel or energy, leading for instance to increased costs for couriers or Wolt’s      
       operations; or                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                  
  •    disrupting regional and global supply chains, financial markets, and economic conditions.  
                                                                                                  
In the event that the conflict fails to abate, or escalates further, additional governmental sanctions and export  
controls may be enacted, which may, together with the conflict itself, further adversely impact the economy        
regionally or in a widespread manner, as well as banking and monetary systems and markets. This may further impact 
Wolt’s operations and its customers and partners in this region or in a widespread manner.                         
                                                                                            
  7.  The section of the Prospectus entitled “THE TRANSACTION” is supplemented as follows:  
                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
  a.  The disclosure under the heading “Structure of the Transaction” on page 100 of the Prospectus is hereby      
      amended and restated to read as follows:                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
DoorDash has agreed, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement, to      
purchase all shares of Wolt (including each Wolt share issued or issuable pursuant to a Pending Exercise) held by  
each Seller. As a practical matter for the purposes of the implementation of the Transaction, all Wolt shareholders
are expected to accede to the Share Purchase Agreement as Sellers by signing Joinder Agreements and certain other  
ancillary documents before the consummation of the Transaction. For each Wolt shareholder who has not voluntarily  
acceded to the Share Purchase Agreement by way of signing a Joinder Agreement, Wolt may, and has agreed, pursuant  
to the Share Purchase Agreement, to cause a Joinder Agreement and other documents necessary for transferring such  
shareholder’s Wolt shares to be executed on behalf of such Wolt shareholder as such person’s or entity’s agent and 
attorney pursuant to the Wolt Stockholders’ Agreements. For a discussion on the process for obtaining the Joinder  
Agreements, see the section titled “ The Share Purchase Agreement—The Transaction” beginning on page 116 of this   
prospectus.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
  b.  The disclosure under the heading “Indemnification” beginning on page 112 of the Prospectus is hereby         
      amended and restated to read as follows:                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Following the Closing, pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, each of the Sellers, the holders of Indemnity     
Escrow Substitute RSUs and the holders of Indemnity Escrow Substitute Options (collectively, the “ Indemnifying    
Parties”) shall indemnify (on a several and not joint basis based on their pro rata portion of the aggregate       
purchase consideration) DoorDash and its affiliates (including Wolt) (collectively, the “ Indemnified Parties”)    
against, and hold them harmless from, any losses, liabilities, damages, deficiencies, taxes, costs, interest,      
awards, judgments, settlements, penalties, fees and                                                                
                                                                                                                   
expenses, including reasonable and documented out-of-pocket attorneys’, consultants’, experts’ and other           
professionals’ fees and expenses (including in connection with investigation, defending against, prosecuting, or   
settling any of the foregoing) and court or arbitration costs, but excluding punitive or exemplary damages (other  
than as paid to a third party) (collectively, “Losses”) paid or incurred by any of the Indemnified Parties         
(regardless of whether or not such Losses relate to any third-party claims) directly or indirectly resulting from  
any of the following: (i) any breach or inaccuracy of Wolt’s representations and warranties, (ii) any breach of    
Wolt’s or the Securityholder Representative’s covenants, (iii) any inaccuracy in any information set forth in the  
payment spreadsheets or the closing statement delivered by Wolt pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, (iv) any 
pre-closing taxes not set forth in the payment spreadsheets, (v) any claims or threatened claims by any actual or  
purported or former Wolt securityholder including any claims alleging violations of fiduciary duty by any current  
or former member of the Wolt Board or officers, (vi) any fraud committed by or on behalf of Wolt or any of its     
representatives in connection with the Transaction and (vii) certain other specified third-party claims set forth  
in a confidential schedule (such indemnifiable matters, collectively the “Wolt Related Indemnifiable Matters”).    
                                                                                                                   
In addition, following the Closing, each Indemnifying Party shall indemnify (on a several and not joint basis) the 
Indemnified Parties against, and hold them harmless from, any Losses paid or incurred by any of the Indemnified    
Parties directly or indirectly resulting from any of the following: (i) any breach or inaccuracy of such           
Indemnifying Party’s representations and warranties, (ii) any breach of such Indemnifying Party’s covenants and    
(iii) any fraud committed by or on behalf of such Indemnifying Party or any of its representatives in connection   
with the Transaction.                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
The Indemnity Escrow Available Recourse shall be available to compensate the Indemnified Parties for any claims by 
such Indemnified Party for any losses suffered or incurred by them and for which they are entitled to recovery     
under the Share Purchase Agreement. The Indemnifying Parties will not be required to make any indemnification      
payments for any inaccuracy or breach of the representations and warranties of Wolt until (i) the Losses for any   
particular loss (and any related indemnifiable losses arising from the same or substantially similar underlying    
facts, circumstances, or claims) exceeds €750,000 and (ii) the total amount of all Losses that have been directly  
or indirectly suffered or incurred by any one or more of the Indemnified Parties as a result of any inaccuracy in  
or breach of any of the representations and warranties of Wolt or any breach of any covenant by Wolt or the        
Securityholder Representative, in the aggregate, exceeds €25 million in the aggregate; provided, however, that the 
aforementioned requirements set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) to make any indemnification payments will not apply  
to breaches of fundamental representations or warranties of Wolt or any fraud by Wolt. Indemnification claims for  
losses directly or indirectly resulting from the matters set forth in a certain confidential schedule shall be     
limited, in the aggregate to €200 million from the Indemnity Escrow Available Recourse. The sole recourse of the   
Indemnified Parties for indemnification claims for breach of the Wolt representations and warranties will be the   
Indemnity Escrow Available Recourse; provided, however, that the aforementioned limitation will not apply to       
breaches of fundamental representations or warranties or any fraud by Wolt.                                        
                                                                                                                   
In no event will any Indemnifying Party be liable to the Indemnified Parties for Losses with respect to the Wolt   
Related Indemnifiable Matters in excess of such Indemnifying Party’s pro rata share of such Losses and in no event 
will any Indemnifying Party’s liability for indemnifiable Losses exceed such Indemnifying Party’s portion of the   
aggregate consideration actually received by such Indemnifying Party (except an Indemnifying Party will be liable  
to the Indemnified Parties for the full amount of any Losses resulting from, arising out of or related to such     
Indemnifying Party’s own fraud or the right of any Indemnified Party to pursue remedies under or related to any    
ancillary agreement against such Indemnifying Party). Payments by the Indemnifying Parties in respect of any Losses
will be calculated after giving effect to any Losses recoverable by the Indemnified Parties from insurance policies
(net of any (i) reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including taxes) incurred by such      
Indemnified Party or its affiliates and its and their respective representatives in procuring such recovery; (ii)  
any increases in premiums or premium adjustments to the extent attributable to such recovery (applicable to any    
past, present or future premiums); and (iii) deductibles and other amounts incurred in connection with such        
recovery).                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
The indemnification provisions of the Share Purchase Agreement are the Indemnified Parties’ sole and exclusive     
remedy following the Closing arising from or relating to the Share Purchase Agreement or the Transaction, except   
for (i) claims under Section 8.11 of the Share Purchase Agreement, (ii) claims for specific performance or         
injunctive relief and (iii) claims under or related to any related agreement in connection with the Transaction;   
provided, however, that nothing in the Share Purchase Agreement shall limit the liability of any person or entity  
in connection with a claim based on fraud committed by such person or entity.                                      
                                                                                                                   
For additional information, please see the section titled “The Share Purchase Agreement—Indemnification” beginning 
on page 133 of this prospectus.                                                                                    
                                                                                                         
  8.  The section of the Prospectus entitled “THE SHARE PURCHASE AGREEMENT” is supplemented as follows:  
                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
  a.  The disclosure under the heading “The Transaction” beginning on page 116 of the Prospectus is hereby         
      amended and restated to read as follows:                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
DoorDash has agreed, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement, to      
purchase all shares of Wolt (including each Wolt share issued or issuable pursuant to a Pending Exercise) held by  
each Seller. In connection with the execution of the Original Share Purchase Agreement, the Supporting Stockholders
entered into the Support Agreements with DoorDash, pursuant to which each Supporting Stockholder agreed to sell    
their Wolt shares to DoorDash in accordance with the terms of the Support Agreements and enter into the Share      
Purchase Agreement as a Seller thereunder, and be bound by the obligations set forth therein through the execution 
of a Joinder Agreement, within seventy-two(72) hours following the Registration Statement Effective Date. The      
Support Agreements were entered into by holders of 5% or more of Wolt shares, executive officers, directors or     
founders of Wolt. In connection with DoorDash, Wolt and the Securityholder Representative entering into the        
Amendment, each Supporting Stockholder entered into an acknowledgement agreement with respect to the amendment of  
the Share Purchase Agreement. Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, Wolt and each Seller (including each       
Supporting Stockholder) will use their reasonable best efforts to cause each of the Wolt shareholders who have not 
yet duly executed and delivered a Joinder Agreement to DoorDash and Wolt, to duly execute and deliver a Joinder    
Agreement to Wolt and DoorDash as promptly as practicable following the Registration Statement Effective Date. As a
practical matter for the purposes of the implementation of the Transaction, all Wolt shareholders are expected to  
accede to the Share Purchase Agreement as Sellers by signing Joinder Agreements and certain other ancillary        
documents before the consummation of the Transaction. For each Wolt shareholder who has not voluntarily acceded to 
the Share Purchase Agreement by way of signing a Joinder Agreement, Wolt may, and has agreed, pursuant to the Share
Purchase Agreement, to cause a Joinder Agreement and other documents necessary for transferring such shareholder’s 
Wolt shares to be executed on behalf of such Wolt shareholder as such person’s or entity’s agent and attorney      
pursuant to the Wolt Stockholders’ Agreements. Under the terms of the Wolt Stockholders’ Agreements, Wolt          
shareholders have tag along rights that they can exercise via a notice to join the Transaction and sell their Wolt 
shares to DoorDash. Pursuant to the Wolt Stockholders’ Agreements, the tag along notice is also required to be sent
to the holders of Wolt options in order to provide them with an opportunity to exercise their Vested Wolt Options  
prior to the Closing. Exercise of the tag along right is not required for a Wolt shareholder to participate in the 
Purchase and such exercise of the tag along right would not change the terms and conditions under which Wolt       
shareholders’ shares will be transferred to DoorDash. If all Wolt shareholders do not voluntarily accede to the    
Transaction by way of signing a Joinder Agreement within forty (40) days following Registration Statement Effective
Date, Wolt and each Supporting Stockholder shall, in accordance with the provisions of the Share Purchase Agreement
and within two (2) business days thereafter, commence the Drag-Along Exercise, cause the Drag-Along Exercise to    
remain effective through the completion of the Transaction and cause a Joinder Agreement to be executed on behalf  
of each Wolt shareholder that has not duly executed and delivered a binding Joinder Agreement as such person’s or  
entity’s agent and attorney pursuant the Wolt Stockholders’ Agreement. The Supporting Stockholders constitute the  
requisite majorities to commence the Drag-Along Exercise. Wolt and the Supporting Stockholders will, before        
commencing the Drag-Along Exercise set forth in the Wolt Stockholders’ Agreements, first approach the other Wolt   
shareholders and seek to have as many of them as possible sign Joinder Agreements and powers of attorney as well as
other necessary ancillary documentation to implement the sale to DoorDash of the Wolt shares held by such Wolt     
shareholders pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement.                                                             
                                                                                                                   
  b.  The disclosure under the heading “Treatment of Wolt Securities; Purchase Price Consideration and             
      Adjustments” beginning on page 117 of the Prospectus is hereby amended and restated to read as follows:      
                                                                                                                   
Treatment of Wolt Shares At the Closing, each Wolt share (including each Wolt share issued or issuable pursuant to 
a Pending Exercise) held by a Seller will be sold to DoorDash in exchange for (i) a number of shares of DoorDash   
Class A common stock (subject to reduction for the shares to be deposited into the escrow funds established in     
connection with the Closing) equal to the Per Share Closing Stock Consideration (as defined in the Share Purchase  
Agreement and described below), and (ii) the right to receive a portion of the shares of DoorDash Class A common   
stock released for payment with respect to such share (if any)                                                     
                                                                                                                   
from the escrow funds established in connection with the Purchase as set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement as  
well as a portion of any shares of DoorDash Class A common stock issuable following the Closing in connection with 
the post-closing purchase price adjustments pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, in each case, at the time and
in the manner contemplated in the Share Purchase Agreement. In addition, with respect to each Wolt Preferred Share 
(as defined below) held by a Seller, if the Per Share Preference Amount (as defined in the Share Purchase Agreement
and described below) with respect to such share exceeds the Per Share Reference Amount (as defined in the Share    
Purchase Agreement and described below) (the amount of such excess, if any, the “Liquidation Preference Top-       
UpAmount”), then such holder will also be entitled to receive in the Purchase a number of shares of DoorDash Class 
A common stock (subject to reduction for the shares to be deposited into the escrow funds established in connection
with the Closing) equal to the Liquidation Preference Top-Up Amount with respect to such Wolt Preferred Share      
divided by the Acquiror Share Closing Trading Price (as defined in the Share Purchase Agreement and described      
below) (such shares issuable with respect to all Wolt Preferred Shares, if any, are referred to herein as the      
“Liquidation Preference Top-UpShares”). After the Closing, each Seller will own shares of DoorDash Class A common  
stock and will no longer own Wolt securities.                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
In addition, certain key employees of Wolt entered into stock restriction agreements with DoorDash prior to the    
execution of the Share Purchase Agreement, which agreements provide the Restricted Consideration will be subject to
a four-year time-based vesting schedule as set forth in the stock restriction agreement, subject to the key        
employee’s continued employment with Wolt, DoorDash or one of their subsidiaries through the applicable vesting    
date. If, prior to the date the Restricted Consideration is fully vested, there is a change in control of Wolt or  
DoorDash or the key employee’s employment is involuntarily terminated without “cause,” due to the key employee’s   
death or “disability” or for “good reason,” then a portion of the key employee’s then-unvested Restricted          
Consideration will become immediately vested, subject to the key employee (or his or her estate, as applicable)    
timely signing and not revoking a release of claims.                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, each Seller will agree that the consideration payable to each Wolt       
shareholder in connection with the Purchase (including with respect to the method of calculating the amount of     
consideration that each Wolt shareholder is entitled to receive with respect to the preference amounts (or         
otherwise) pursuant to the Wolt Stockholders’ Agreements or pursuant to the Wolt Articles of Association,          
collectively, the “Payment Rights”) is and shall constitute the sole and exclusive consideration that such holder  
is entitled to receive in connection with the Purchase, that the shares of DoorDash Class A common stock payable to
such holder pursuant to the terms of the Share Purchase Agreement shall satisfy in full the Payment Rights, and    
that no Seller shall have any further claim, and each Seller expressly waives any claim, with respect to or in any 
way related to any Payment Rights or any rights to receive any Wolt shares following the Closing.                  
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, (i) the “Per Share Closing Stock Consideration” will equal a number of   
shares of DoorDash Class A common stock equal to the Total Share Consideration divided by the Company Security     
Number, and a portion of the Per Share Closing Stock Consideration will be subject to the holdback and escrow      
provisions of the Share Purchase Agreement, (ii) “Wolt Preferred Shares” means, collectively, the Wolt class B     
preferred shares, class C preferred shares, class D preferred shares, class E preferred shares, class F preferred  
shares and class G preferred shares, (iii) the “Per Share Preference Amount” means an amount specified by Wolt as  
the liquidation preference to which an applicable Wolt Preferred Share is entitled in connection with the Purchase 
pursuant to the Wolt Stockholders’ Agreements (as defined below) and the Wolt Articles of Association, (iv) the    
“Acquiror Share Closing Trading Price” means an amount equal to the volume weighted average price per share rounded
to four (4) decimal places (with amounts 0.00005 and above rounded up) of the shares of DoorDash Class A common    
stock on the NYSE for the ten (10) consecutive trading days ending with the complete trading day ending on the date
that is four (4) trading days prior to the Closing Date (as converted into euros pursuant to the Share Purchase    
Agreement) and (v) the “Per Share Reference Amount” means an amount equal to the Per Share Closing Stock           
Consideration multiplied by the Acquiror Share Closing Trading Price.                                              
                                                                                                                   
The Share Purchase Agreement provides that the Total Share Consideration will equal a number of shares of DoorDash 
Class A common stock equal to (i) 39,382,172, plus or minus, as applicable, (ii) a positive or negative number of  
shares (determined in the manner described below) based on the amount of Wolt’s cash and cash equivalents,         
transaction expenses, taxes, indebtedness and debt-like items, net working capital and aggregate option exercise   
prices for outstanding Wolt options (the “Consideration Adjustments”) and minus (iii) the aggregate number of      
Liquidation Preference Top-Up Shares issuable to the holders of Wolt Preferred Shares in connection with the       
Purchase, including all shares to be deposited into the escrow funds with respect thereto. For purposes of         
adjusting the Total Share Consideration, the Consideration Adjustments will be calculated in euros and converted   
into shares based on a per share price of DoorDash Class A common stock of U.S. $206.4513 converted from U.S.      
dollars into euros using the Closing Euro Exchange Rate. Further, the amount of any tax receivables (which have    
been confirmed by the Finnish Tax Administration as refundable or creditable to Wolt) of value-added taxes arising 
with respect to Wolt’s transaction costs will be taken into account when computing the amount of the Consideration 
Adjustments and hence also the amount of the Per Share Closing Stock Consideration.                                
                                                                                                                   
Treatment of Wolt Options                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
At the Closing, each option to subscribe for Wolt class A common shares that is outstanding and unexercised as of  
immediately prior to the Closing (each, a “Wolt Option”) shall be treated as follows:                              
                                                                                                                   
At the Closing, each in-the-money outstanding and unexercised vested option to subscribe for Wolt class A common   
shares (each, a “Vested Wolt Option,” and holders of Vested Wolt Options, “Wolt Vested Optionholders”) that is held
by an optionholder who remains an employee of Wolt or its subsidiaries as of immediately following the Closing     
(each, a “Substitution-Eligible Vested Wolt Option”) will be cancelled and extinguished and DoorDash will grant to 
the holder thereof in substitution of such Substitution-Eligible Vested Wolt Option, subject to the terms and      
conditions of the applicable DoorDash equity incentive plan and any applicable award agreement thereunder, an      
option to purchase shares of DoorDash Class A common stock (each, a “Substitute Option”) such that (i) the number  
of shares of DoorDash Class A common stock issuable pursuant to such Substitute Option will equal the number of    
Wolt shares that were issuable upon the exercise of such Substitution-Eligible Vested Wolt Option as of immediately
prior to the Closing, multiplied by the Per Share Closing Stock Consideration, with any resulting fractional share 
rounded up to the nearest whole share; and (ii) the exercise price per share of DoorDash Class A common stock      
issuable upon the exercise of the Substitute Option will equal the exercise price per share of such Substitution-  
Eligible Vested Wolt Option as of immediately prior to the Closing divided by the Per Share Closing Stock          
Consideration, which exercise price will be subject to a one-time conversion from euros to U.S. dollars based on   
the exchange ratio provided in the Amendment, rounded up to the nearest whole cent. Each Substitute Option will be 
vested and exercisable for the remainder of the exercise period applicable to the related Substitution-Eligible    
Vested Wolt Option except that: (w) with respect to any Substitute Options held by the Finnish tax residents, no   
portion of the Substitute Option will be exercisable until the one-year anniversary of the date the related        
Substitution-Eligible Vested Wolt Option was granted by Wolt; (x) a portion of the Substitute Options constituting 
the Indemnity Escrow Substitute Options will be subject to restrictions on exercise and cancellation in relation to
the post-closing purchase price adjustment, escrow and indemnification provisions of the Share Purchase Agreement  
and will only become exercisable (if at all) when released from such restrictions; (y) a portion Substitute Options
constituting the True-Up Escrow Substitute Options (if any) will be subject to restrictions on exercise and        
cancellation in relation to certain post-closing purchase price adjustment provisions of the Share Purchase        
Agreement and will only become exercisable (if at all) when released from such restrictions; and (z) upon the      
termination of such employee’s status as a service provider to DoorDash, the then-outstanding portion of the       
Substitute Option will be exercisable for three (3) months following the termination date, subject to certain      
extensions provided in the Share Purchase Agreement. In addition to the Substitute Option issuable in connection   
with the Closing, if any shares of DoorDash Class A common stock are issuable following the Closing in connection  
with the post-closing purchase price adjustments provided for in the Share Purchase Agreement, a holder of         
Substitution-Eligible Vested Wolt Options as of immediately prior to the Closing who continues to be an employee of
DoorDash or its Subsidiaries at the time that such additional shares of DoorDash Class A common stock become       
issuable will be entitled to receive an additional Substitute Option reflecting such holder’s pro rata portion     
thereof as provided in the Share Purchase Agreement, which option will have an exercise price of $0.01 per share   
and would be required to be exercised prior to December 31 in the calendar year in which it was granted.           
                                                                                                                   
At the Closing, each Vested Wolt Option that is not a Substitution-Eligible Vested Wolt Option (each, a “Stock-    
Eligible Vested Wolt Option”) will be cancelled and extinguished and the holder thereof will be entitled to        
receive, subject to the execution and delivery to DoorDash of an Optionholder Acknowledgement and Waiver no later  
than the Post-Closing Deadline, the following: (i) a number of shares of DoorDash Class A common stock (subject to 
reduction for the shares to be deposited into the escrow funds established in connection with the Closing) equal to
the product of (x) the number of Wolt shares issuable with respect to such Stock-Eligible Vested Wolt Option as of 
immediately prior to the Closing multiplied by (y) an amount equal to (1) the Per Share Closing Stock              
Consideration, minus (2) an amount equal to the quotient of (A) the per share exercise price of such Stock-Eligible
Vested Wolt Option divided by (B) €177.7454, with any resulting fractional share rounded to the nearest whole share
of DoorDash Class A common stock, and (ii) the right to receive a portion of the shares of DoorDash Class A common 
stock released for payment with respect to such share (if any) from the escrow funds established in connection with
the Purchase as set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement as well as a portion of any shares of DoorDash Class A   
common stock issuable following the Closing in connection with the post-closing purchase price adjustments pursuant
to the Share Purchase Agreement, in each case, at the time and in the manner contemplated in the Share Purchase    
Agreement.                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
At the Closing, each unvested Wolt Option (each, an “Unvested Wolt Option”) held by an optionholder who remains an 
employee of Wolt as of immediately following the Closing (a “Substitution-Eligible Unvested Wolt Option”), will be 
cancelled and extinguished and DoorDash will grant to such holder an award of restricted stock units covering      
shares of DoorDash Class A common stock (a “Substitute RSU”) subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable 
DoorDash equity incentive plan and any applicable award agreement thereunder such (1) that each Substitute RSU     
grant shall cover that number of shares of DoorDash Class A common stock equal to the product of (x) the number of 
shares of Wolt shares with respect to which such Substitution-Eligible Unvested Wolt Option was unvested as of     
immediately prior to the Closing multiplied by (y) an amount equal to (1) the Per Share Closing Stock              
Consideration, minus (2) an amount equal to the quotient of (A) the per share exercise price of such Substitution- 
Eligible Unvested Wolt Option divided by (B) €177.7454, with any resulting fractional share rounded to the nearest 
whole share of DoorDash Class A common stock. Each Substitute RSU shall commence vesting as provided in the Share  
Purchase Agreement, subject to the holder’s continued employment with DoorDash, Wolt or one of their Subsidiaries, 
except that (a) a portion of the Substitute RSUs constituting the Indemnity Escrow Substitute RSUs shall not vest  
or settle until the satisfaction of the conditions for the release to the holder thereof, and shall be subject to  
cancellation, pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement and will only vest and settle (if at all) after released    
from such restrictions, in each case, at the time and in the manner contemplated in the Share Purchase Agreement   
and (b) a portion of the Substitute RSUs constituting the True-Up Escrow Substitute RSUs shall not vest or settle  
until the satisfaction of the conditions for the release to the holder thereof, and shall be subject to            
cancellation, pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement and will only vest and settle (if at all) after released    
from such restrictions, in each case, at the time and in the manner contemplated in the Share Purchase Agreement.  
In addition, if any shares of DoorDash Class A common stock are issuable following the Closing in connection with  
the post-closing purchase price adjustments provided for in the Share Purchase Agreement, a holder of Substitution-
Eligible Unvested Wolt Options as of immediately prior to the Closing who continues to be an employee of DoorDash  
or its Subsidiaries at the time that such additional shares of DoorDash Class A common stock become issuable will  
be entitled to receive an additional Substitute RSU reflecting such holder’s pro rata portion thereof as provided  
in the Share Purchase Agreement.                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, prior to the Closing, Wolt shall take, and the Sellers shall cause Wolt  
to take, all actions necessary or advisable to effect the cancellation of the Wolt Options as of the Closing and to
otherwise effect the treatment of the Wolt Options provided in the Share Purchase Agreement. In addition, the Share
Purchase Agreement requires Wolt to deliver a notice to the holders of Wolt Options summarizing, among other things
and subject to certain exceptions specified in the Share Purchase Agreement, the treatment of the Wolt Options     
pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement and Wolt shall request each holder of Wolt Options to execute and deliver 
an acknowledgement and waiver acknowledging and confirming the cancellation of such holder’s Wolt Options as       
provided in the Share Purchase Agreement, agreeing to a waiver similar to the waivers provided for in the Joinder  
Agreement and informing the optionholder of their right to exercise their vested and exercisable Wolt Options until
the end of a subscription period determined by the Wolt Board as set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement (the    
“Optionholder Acknowledgement and Waiver”). The Share Purchase Agreement provides that, effective automatically    
upon the execution of Joinder Agreements by the requisite majority of Wolt shareholders provided under the Wolt    
Stockholders’ Agreements, that the Wolt Stockholders’ Agreements shall automatically be amended to provide that    
such notice to optionholders shall satisfy (and that Wolt will not be required to provide such optionholders       
further notices under) certain provisions of the Wolt Stockholders’ Agreements, except with respect to Wolt        
shareholders who were a party to a Wolt Stockholders’ Agreement prior to such amendment. While the holders of      
Stock-Eligible Vested Wolt Options will not be required to sign a Joinder Agreement in connection with the         
Purchase, each holder of Stock-Eligible Vested Wolt Option will be required to execute and deliver the Optionholder
Acknowledgement and Waiver prior to the Post-Closing Deadline in order to receive the consideration payable        
pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement with respect to such Stock-Eligible Vested Wolt Option and, if such holder
fails to do so, such holder shall not be entitled to receive any consideration with respect to such Stock-Eligible 
Vested Wolt Options, notwithstanding that such option shall have terminated at the Closing. The delivery of an     
executed Optionholder Acknowledgment and Waiver is not a condition to the holders of Substitution-Eligible Vested  
Wolt Options or Substitution-Eligible Unvested Wolt Options receiving Substitute Options and Substitute RSUs as    
provided in the Share Purchase Agreement, as applicable, but such Substitute Options and Substitute RSUs will be   
subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable DoorDash equity incentive plan and applicable award agreement
with respect thereto.                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
DoorDash expects to file a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register shares of       
DoorDash Class A common stock issuable with respect to the Substitute Options. However, the shares of DoorDash     
Class A common stock issuable with respect to Stock-Eligible Vested Wolt Options will continue to be registered on 
this Registration Statement, of which this prospectus forms a part.                                                
                                                                                                                   
Closing and Post-Closing Purchase Price Adjustments                                                                
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, prior to the Closing Date, Wolt will deliver to DoorDash an estimate of  
the Consideration Adjustments, including, among other things, an estimate of the Total Closing Adjustment Amount   
(as defined in the Share Purchase Agreement) and the other consideration components used to calculate the number of
shares of DoorDash Class A common stock, Substitute Options and Substitute RSUs to be issued in connection with the
Closing (the “Wolt Closing Statement”). Following a review period by DoorDash and after reflecting any updates to  
such estimated consideration components, Wolt will deliver a final Wolt Closing Statement, which will include,     
among other things, Wolt’s final estimate of the Total Closing Adjustment Amount and will be used for purposes of  
calculating the number of shares of DoorDash Class A common stock, Substitute Options and Substitute RSUs to be    
issued by DoorDash in connection with the Closing (such final estimate of the Total Consideration Adjustment Amount
is referred to herein as the “Estimated Total Consideration Adjustment Amount”). Following the Closing, DoorDash   
will deliver to the Securityholder Representative a statement setting forth DoorDash’s calculation of the Total    
Closing Adjustment Amount. Any disagreement between DoorDash and the Securityholder Representative regarding the   
calculation of the Total Consideration Adjustment Amount will be resolved by a nationally recognized independent   
accounting firm, reasonably acceptable to DoorDash and Securityholder Representative.                              
                                                                                                                   
Following such purchase price true-up process, to the extent Wolt’s Estimated Total Consideration Adjustment Amount
resulted in an overstatement of the number of shares of DoorDash Class A common stock, Substitute Options and      
Substitute RSUs issuable by DoorDash in connection with the Closing, DoorDash will be entitled to recover such     
overstated amount from the Indemnity Escrow Available Recourse. If any Sellers holding Wolt Preferred Shares       
received Liquidation Preference Top-Up Shares in connection with the Closing, the True-Up Escrow Available Recourse
will be available to compensate such holders of Wolt Preferred Shares to the extent such purchase price true-up    
adjustment resulted in a reduction to their pro rata portion of the shares held in the Indemnity Escrow Fund (as   
compared to what their pro rata portion of the shares held in the Indemnity Escrow Fund would have been if such    
post-closing adjustments had been made at the time of Closing).                                                    
                                                                                                                   
Alternatively, to the extent Wolt’s Estimated Total Consideration Adjustment Amount results in an understatement of
the number of shares of DoorDash Class A common stock, Substitute Options and Substitute RSUs issuable by DoorDash 
in connection with the Closing, DoorDash will issue an additional number of shares, Substitute Options and         
Substitute RSUs to the Wolt securityholders equal to such understated amount, which will be allocated among the    
Wolt securityholders pursuant to the allocation principles provided in the Share Purchase Agreement.               
                                                                                                                   
The Share Purchase Agreement provides that, after giving effect to the post-closing purchase price true-up payments
contemplated in the Share Purchase Agreement, under certain circumstances and subject to certain limitations       
provided in the Share Purchase Agreement, DoorDash and the Securityholder Representative shall make such           
adjustments to the allocation, distribution, transfer and cancellation of the amounts held in the True-Up Escrow   
Fund or that otherwise constitute a portion of the True-Up Escrow Available Recourse (and shall be entitled, upon  
the mutual written agreement of DoorDash and the Securityholder Representative, to adjust the allocation,          
distribution, transfer and cancellation of the amounts held in the Indemnity Escrow Fund or that otherwise         
constitute a portion of the Indemnity Escrow Available Recourse), in each case, as they may determine to be        
required in their respective reasonable discretion to ensure the applicable Sellers holding Wolt Preferred Shares  
receive the Liquidation Preference Top-Up Shares in full and the remainder of consideration is distributed or      
released, as applicable, from the True-Up Escrow Available Recourse and the Indemnity Escrow Available Recourse so 
that all holders of Wolt securities receive an economic benefit therefrom that in each case is based on the        
distribution of proceeds set forth in the Wolt Stockholders’ Agreements and the Wolt Articles of Association.      
                                                                                                                   
The consideration issuable in the transaction is subject to several adjustments, many of which will not be known   
until the Closing. While the date of the Closing has not yet been determined, set forth below is Wolt’s preliminary
estimate of the Per Share Closing Stock Consideration and certain related estimates. These estimates are based on  
several estimates and assumptions, including (among others) that the Closing would occur during the first half of  
calendar year 2022, Wolt’s current estimate of the Consideration Adjustments (including a preliminary forecast of  
Wolt’s closing balance sheet), the estimated number of Wolt securities anticipated to be outstanding as of the     
Closing, that no Liquidation Preference Top-Up Shares will be issuable in connection with the Purchase and that    
none of the DoorDash shares, options or restricted stock units issuable in connection with the Closing will need to
be withheld or escrowed as True-Up Escrow Shares, True-Up Escrow Substitute Options or True-Up Escrow Substitute   
RSUs. Subject to the foregoing, Wolt currently estimates that the Per Share Closing Stock Consideration (after     
reduction for the Indemnity Escrow Shares, Indemnity Escrow Substitute Options and Indemnity Escrow RSUs) would    
equal approximately 0.059. Based on the amount of such estimated Per Share Closing Stock Consideration, Wolt       
estimates (i) that one (1) share of DoorDash Class A common stock would be issuable in connection with the Closing 
to a Seller holding approximately 17 to 18 Wolt Shares at the time of Closing, and (ii) that a                     
                                                                                                                   
Substitute Option to purchase one (1) share of DoorDash Class A common stock would be issuable in connection with  
the Closing to a holder of Substitution-Eligible Vested Wolt Options entitling such holder to subscribe for        
approximately 17 to 18 Wolt Shares. The number of shares of DoorDash Class A common stock issuable with respect to 
Stock-Eligible Vested Wolt Options and the number of Substitute RSUs that will be granted with respect to          
Substitution-Eligible Unvested Wolt Options will depend, in part, on the exercise price payable upon the exercise  
of such Wolt option. Based on the above estimate of the Per Share Closing Stock Consideration and the range of     
exercise prices applicable to the Stock-Eligible Vested Wolt Options and Substitution-Eligible Unvested Wolt       
Options that are outstanding on the date hereof, Wolt estimates (a) that one (1) share of DoorDash Class A common  
stock would be issuable in connection with the Closing with respect to Stock-Eligible Vested Wolt Options entitling
such holder to subscribe for approximately 17 to 20 Wolt Shares and (b) that a Substitute RSU to receive one (1)   
share of DoorDash Class A common stock would be issuable with respect to a Substitution-Eligible Unvested Wolt     
Option entitling such holder to subscribe for approximately 17 to 20 Wolt Shares. Such estimates do not include the
portion of the Indemnity Escrow Shares, Indemnity Escrow Substitute Options or Indemnity Escrow Substitute RSUs,   
which will be subject to the escrow, forfeiture and cancellation terms set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement as
described further below. The actual amount of the Per Share Closing Stock Consideration and the related amounts    
estimated above will not be determined until the Closing, and any changes in the estimates or assumptions described
above as compared to the actual amounts used to calculate the Consideration Adjustments and the other adjustments  
to the consideration payable in the Purchase would result in a decrease or increase, as applicable, to the Per     
Share Closing Stock Consideration. Without limiting the foregoing, if any Liquidation Preference Top-UpShares are  
issuable pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, such shares will reduce the Total Share Consideration, which    
will reduce the Per Share Closing Stock Consideration. DoorDash Class A common stock is traded on the New York     
Stock Exchange (“ NYSE”) under the symbol “DASH.” On April 11, 2022, the last reported sale price of a share of    
DoorDash Class A common stock on the NYSE was $104.72. We urge you to obtain current market quotations for the     
DoorDash Class A common stock because the value of the Per Share Closing Stock Consideration will fluctuate.       
                                                                                                                   
  c.  The disclosure under the heading “Escrow Fund; Indemnity Escrow Available Recourse” beginning on page 118    
      of the Prospectus is hereby amended and restated to read as follows:                                         
                                                                                                                   
In connection with the Closing, DoorDash will hold back from the shares of DoorDash Class A common stock otherwise 
payable to the Sellers and the holders of Stock-Eligible Vested Wolt Options a number of shares of DoorDash Class A
common stock equal to such Seller’s and/or Wolt optionholder’s Pro Rata Indemnity Escrow Portion (as defined in the
Share Purchase Agreement and described below) of the Indemnity Escrow Number (as defined below), rounded up to the 
nearest whole share (such shares, the “ Indemnity Escrow Shares”). As soon as reasonably practicable after the     
Closing, DoorDash will deposit the Indemnity Escrow Shares with Computershare Trust Company, or another person     
selected by DoorDash to serve as an escrow agent (the “ Escrow Agent”), which shall be held in trust as an escrow  
fund (the “ Indemnity Escrow Fund”) in accordance with the terms of the Share Purchase Agreement and the escrow    
agreement (the “ Escrow Agreement”). The Indemnity Escrow Shares, together with a portion of the Substitute Options
and Substitute RSUs issuable in connection with the Closing (which portion will be based on each Wolt              
optionholder’s Pro Rata Indemnity Escrow Portion of the Indemnity Escrow Number) shall constitute the “ Indemnity  
Escrow Available Recourse” and the Indemnity Escrow Available Recourse shall be available to compensate the        
Indemnified Parties for any claims by such Indemnified Party for any losses suffered or incurred by them and for   
which they are entitled to recovery under the Share Purchase Agreement. The Substitute Options and Substitute RSUs 
included in the Indemnity Escrow Available Recourse are referred to herein as the “ Indemnity Escrow Substitute    
Options” and the “ Indemnity Escrow Substitute RSUs,” respectively. Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement, (i)  
the “ Indemnity Escrow Number” means a number equal to 2,250,409 and (ii) the “ Pro Rata Indemnity Escrow Portion” 
means, with respect to each Indemnifying Party, an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the quotient of (x) 
the aggregate number of shares of DoorDash Class A common stock issuable to such Indemnifying Party in connection  
with the Closing with respect to their Wolt shares and Stock-Eligible Vested Wolt Options plus the aggregate number
of shares of DoorDash Class A common stock issuable to such Indemnifying Party upon the full exercise of all       
Substitute Options and the full settlement of all Substitute RSUs issuable to such Indemnifying Party in connection
with the Closing (in each case, prior to giving effect to the reduction of such amounts for the escrow amounts     
contemplated pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement), divided by (y) the sum of the aggregate number of shares of
DoorDash Class A common stock issuable to all Indemnifying Parties in connection with the Closing with respect to  
their Wolt shares and Stock-Eligible Vested Wolt Options plus the aggregate number of shares of DoorDash Class A   
common stock issuable to all Indemnifying Parties upon the full exercise of all Substitute Options and the full    
settlement of all Substitute RSUs issuable in connection with the Closing (in each case, prior to giving effect to 
the reduction of such amounts for the escrow amounts contemplated pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement).       
                                                                                                                   
In addition, after giving effect to the hold back and escrow of the Indemnity Escrow Shares, if the number of      
shares of DoorDash Class A common stock actually payable with respect to a Wolt Preferred Share in connection with 
the Closing has an attributed value (based on the Acquiror Share Closing Trading Price and excluding the Indemnity 
Escrow Shares) that is less than the Per Share Preference Amount with respect to such Wolt Preferred Share (such   
Wolt Preferred Shares, the “Potential Preference Eligible Wolt Preferred Shares”), then an additional escrow shall 
be established and DoorDash will hold back from the shares of DoorDash Class A common stock otherwise payable to   
the Sellers and the holders of Stock-Eligible Vested Wolt Options a number of shares equal to such Seller’s and/or 
Wolt optionholder’s Pro Rata Contribution Escrow Portion (as defined in the Share Purchase Agreement and described 
below) of the True-Up Escrow Share Number (as defined in the Share Purchase Agreement and described below), rounded
up to the nearest whole share (such shares, the “True-UpEscrow Shares”). As soon as reasonably practicable after   
the Closing, DoorDash will deposit the True-Up Escrow Shares with the Escrow Agent, which shall be held in trust as
an escrow fund (the “True-UpEscrow Fund”) in accordance with the terms of the Share Purchase Agreement and the     
Escrow Agreement. The True-Up Escrow Shares, together with a portion of the Substitute Options and Substitute RSUs 
issuable in connection with the Closing (which portion will be based on each Wolt optionholder’s Pro Rata          
Contribution Escrow Portion of the True-Up Escrow Share Number) shall constitute the “True-Up Escrow Available     
Recourse” and the True-Up Escrow Available Recourse shall be available for distribution pursuant to the purchase   
price true-up provisions of the Share Purchase Agreement. The Substitute Options and Substitute RSUs included in   
the True-Up Escrow Available Recourse (if any) are referred to herein as the “True-UpEscrow Substitute Options” and
the “True-UpEscrow Substitute RSUs,” respectively. If applicable, (i) the “True-UpEscrow Share Number” will equal  
the number of Indemnity Escrow Shares deposited into the Indemnity Escrow Fund with respect to the Potential       
Preference Eligible Wolt Preferred Shares and (ii) the “Pro Rata Contribution Escrow Portion” shall mean, with     
respect to each Indemnifying Party, an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the quotient of (x) the number  
of Wolt securities (excluding the Potential Preference Eligible Wolt Preferred Shares and excluding Wolt Preferred 
Shares entitled to receive Liquidation Preference Top-Up Shares in connection with the Closing) held by such       
Indemnifying Party as of immediately prior to the Closing (calculated on an as-converted basis), divided by (y) the
number of Wolt securities (excluding the Potential Preference Eligible Preferred Stock and excluding Wolt Preferred
Shares entitled to receive Liquidation Preference Top-Up Shares in connection with the Closing) held by all        
Indemnifying Parties as of immediately prior to the Closing (calculated on an as-converted basis).                 
                                                                                                                   
On or prior to the date that is three (3) business days after the date that is fifteen (15) months following the   
Closing Date (the “Expiration Date”), DoorDash and the Securityholder Representative shall cause to be released or 
removed, as applicable from the Indemnity Escrow Available Recourse that number of Indemnity Escrow Shares,        
Indemnity Escrow Substitute Options and Indemnity Escrow Substitute RSUs (starting (i) first, with Indemnity Escrow
Shares in reverse chronological order of latest vesting, (ii) second, with Indemnity Escrow Substitute RSUs in     
reverse chronological order of latest to satisfy time-based vesting requirements under Section 1.1(h)(ii) of the   
Share Purchase Agreement, (iii) third, with Indemnity Escrow Substitute Options and (iv) fourth, with Indemnity    
Escrow Shares which are not subject to vesting), in each case, having an aggregate value equal to (x) the aggregate
amount then-remaining in the Indemnity Escrow Available Recourse, less (y) such aggregate amount of Indemnity      
Escrow Shares, Indemnity Escrow Substitute Options and Indemnity Escrow Substitute RSUs as is reasonably necessary 
(with each Indemnity Escrow Share and Indemnity Escrow Substitute RSU being valued at the Acquiror Share Deemed    
Value (as defined in the Share Purchase Agreement) and each Indemnity Escrow Substitute Option being valued at the 
Acquiror Share Deemed Value minus the amount of the exercise price of such Indemnity Escrow Substitute Option)) to 
satisfy any then-unsatisfied claims specified in a valid claim notice delivered in good faith to the Securityholder
Representative on or prior to the Expiration Date (the amount to be released or removed, as applicable, the        
“Initial Indemnity Escrow Release Amount”) and shall, in respect of each of the Indemnifying Parties, transfer to  
(in the case of DoorDash Class A common stock), or cancel the escrow-related restrictions on exercise of (in the   
case of the Substitute Options) or cancel the escrow-related vesting terms of (in the case of Substitute RSUs) the 
Initial Indemnity Escrow Release Amount in accordance with his, her, or its pro rata portion. DoorDash and the     
Securityholder Representative shall deliver to the Escrow Agent a joint written instruction to release from the    
Indemnity Escrow Fund the portion of the Initial Indemnity Escrow Release Amount comprised of Indemnity Escrow     
Shares.                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
Upon the resolution of all pending indemnification claims for which a portion of the Indemnity Escrow Available    
Recourse was withheld (and after any distributions from the Indemnity Escrow Available Recourse to the Indemnified 
Parties), DoorDash and the Securityholder Representative shall cause to be released (in the case of DoorDash Class 
A common stock) or removed (in the case of Indemnity Escrow Substitute Options and Indemnity Escrow Substitute     
RSUs) from the Indemnity Escrow Available Recourse all then remaining amounts in the Indemnity Escrow Fund (the    
“Final Indemnity Escrow Release Amount”), and cause DoorDash Class A common stock to be transferred to the         
Indemnifying Parties, or cause the escrow-related restrictions on exercise (in the case of the then remaining      
Indemnity Escrow Substitute Options) and the escrow-related vesting terms (in the case of the then remaining       
Indemnity Escrow Substitute RSUs) to be cancelled in accordance with each Indemnifying Parties’ Pro Rata Indemnity 
Escrow Portion.                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
  d.  The disclosure under the heading “Fractional Shares” on page 119 of the Prospectus is hereby amended and     
      restated to read as follows:                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
No fractional shares will be issued in the Purchase. Instead, the shares issuable to each Seller shall be          
aggregated on a Seller-by-Sellerbasis, and the number of shares of DoorDash Class A common stock to be issued to   
each Seller in exchange for the Wolt shares held by such Seller shall be rounded up to the nearest whole number.   
After the Closing, each Seller will own shares of DoorDash Class A common stock and will no longer own Wolt        
securities.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
      The tenth, eleventh and twelfth bulleted disclosures under the heading “Conditions to Completion of the      
  e.  Transaction” beginning on page 130 of the Prospectus are hereby amended, restated and supplemented to read   
      as follows:                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
       (i) DoorDash shall have received Joinder Agreements from Wolt shareholders (including the Supporting        
       Stockholders) duly executed by, and binding upon, each such Wolt shareholder in its, his or her own and     
       personal capacity (without application or enforcement of the drag-along provisions in the Wolt              
       Stockholders’ Agreements), collectively owning all right, title and interest in and to the Supermajority    
       Securities, in each case as of the Closing, as well as, if applicable, Lockup Agreements from each of       
       those Wolt shareholders (including the Supporting Stockholders) delivering Joinder Agreements who hold at   
  •    least 1.5% of the outstanding Wolt shares (other than any person or entity who has executed a stock         
       restriction agreement with DoorDash), in each case, such that at the Closing, DoorDash obtains a statutory  
       right to initiate a squeeze-out process pursuant to Chapter 18 of the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006, as   
       amended, (ii) each such Supermajority Securityholder shall have become a party to the Share Purchase        
       Agreement and (iii) such Lockup Agreements and Joinder Agreements shall be in full force and effect and no  
       Supermajority Securityholder shall have made any claim or commenced any litigation challenging the          
       validity or enforceability of the Drag-Along Exercise or such Lockup Agreements or Joinder Agreements;      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
       (i) DoorDash shall have received Joinder Agreements from Wolt shareholders, duly executed by or on behalf   
       of, and binding upon, each such Wolt shareholder (including by such person’s agent and attorney pursuant    
  •    to the Wolt Stockholders’ Agreements and in accordance with applicable law), collectively owning all        
       right, title and interest in and to 100% of the outstanding Wolt shares as of the Closing, calculated on a  
       fully-diluted basis and (ii) each Wolt shareholder (including any securityholder subject to a Pending       
       Exercise) shall have become a party to the Share Purchase Agreement;                                        
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
       at the Closing, DoorDash shall acquire (i) all right, title and interest in and to the Supermajority        
       Securities, free and clear of all liens and (ii) all right, title and interest in all of the Minority       
  •    Dragged Shares, free and clear of all liens except for liens arising from the challenge, if any, by the     
       holders of Minority Dragged Shares of the validity of the execution of the Joinder Agreement on behalf of   
       such holders of the Minority Dragged Shares pursuant to the Wolt Stockholders’ Agreements;                  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                         
  •    effective as of the Closing, all options to subscribe for Wolt shares shall have been cancelled;  
                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
  f.  The third paragraph of the disclosure under the heading “Indemnification” beginning on page 133 of the       
      Prospectus is hereby amended and restated to read as follows:                                                
                                                                                                                   
The Indemnity Escrow Available Recourse shall be available to compensate the Indemnified Parties for any claims by 
such Indemnified Party for any losses suffered or incurred by them and for which they are entitled to recovery     
under the Share Purchase Agreement. The Indemnifying Parties will not be required to make any indemnification      
payments for any inaccuracy or breach of the representations and warranties of Wolt until (i) the Losses for any   
particular loss (and any related indemnifiable losses arising from the same or substantially similar underlying    
facts, circumstances, or claims) exceeds €750,000 and (ii) the total amount of all Losses that have been directly  
or indirectly suffered or incurred by any one or more of the Indemnified Parties as a result of any inaccuracy in  
or breach of any of the representations and warranties of Wolt or any breach of any covenant by Wolt or the        
Securityholder Representative, in the aggregate, exceeds €25 million in the aggregate; provided, however, that the 
aforementioned requirements set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) to make any indemnification payments will not apply  
to breaches of fundamental representations or warranties of Wolt or any fraud by Wolt. Indemnification claims for  
losses directly or indirectly resulting from the matters set forth in a certain confidential schedule shall be     
limited, in the aggregate to €200 million from the Indemnity Escrow Available Recourse. The sole recourse of the   
Indemnified Parties for indemnification claims for breach of the Wolt representations and warranties will be the   
Indemnity Escrow Available Recourse; provided, however, that the aforementioned limitation will not apply to       
breaches of fundamental representations or warranties or any fraud by Wolt.                                        
                                                                                                 
  9.  The section of the Prospectus entitled “ANCILLARY AGREEMENTS” is supplemented as follows:  
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
  a.  The second paragraph of the disclosure under the heading “The Support Agreements” on page 138 of the         
      Prospectus is hereby amended and restated to read as follows:                                                
                                                                                                                   
In connection with the execution of the Original Share Purchase Agreement, the Supporting Stockholders entered into
the Support Agreements with DoorDash, pursuant to which each Supporting Stockholder agreed to sell their Wolt      
shares to DoorDash in accordance with the terms of the Support Agreements and enter into the Share Purchase        
Agreement as a Seller thereunder, and be bound by the obligations set forth therein through the execution of a     
Joinder Agreement, within seventy-two(72) hours following the Registration Statement Effective Date. The Support   
Agreements were entered into by holders of 5% or more of Wolt shares, executive officers, directors or founders of 
Wolt. In connection with DoorDash, Wolt and the Securityholder Representative entering into the Amendment, each    
Supporting Stockholder entered into an acknowledgement agreement with respect to the amendment of the Share        
Purchase Agreement.                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
  b.  The disclosures under the heading “The Joinder Agreements” on page 139 of the Prospectus are hereby amended  
      and restated to read as follows:                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
The following section summarizes material provisions of the Joinder Agreements, the form of which is included in   
this prospectus as Annex D, which form is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety, and qualifies the      
following summary in its entirety. Under the Share Purchase Agreement, each Wolt shareholder and any other Wolt    
securityholder subject to a Pending Exercise will be given the opportunity to execute a Joinder Agreement, pursuant
to which such Wolt shareholder or securityholder, as applicable, will be added as a party to the Share Purchase    
Agreement as a Seller in the same manner and capacity as if such Wolt shareholder or securityholder, as applicable,
was an original party to the Share Purchase Agreement. DoorDash and Wolt are each contemplated to be a party to the
Joinder Agreements. Each Wolt securityholder party to the Joinder Agreements would represent and warrant, among    
other things, as to the number and kind of securities held by such Wolt securityholder. Additionally, each party to
the Joinder Agreements will agree and acknowledge that, if a Wolt shareholder becomes a party to the Share Purchase
Agreement solely as a result of the Drag-Along Exercise, then such Wolt shareholder will not be considered to have 
made any representation or warranty in the Joinder Agreements or the Share Purchase Agreement, nor will such Wolt  
shareholder be bound by any restrictive covenants, obligations or agreements set forth in the Joinder Agreements or
the Share Purchase Agreement, to the extent that making any such representations or warranties or being bound by   
any such restrictive covenants, obligations or agreements by such Wolt shareholder would cause any of the Drag     
Conditions (as defined in the Wolt Stockholders’ Agreements) not to be satisfied with respect to such Wolt         
shareholder and the Purchase. Upon the execution of a Joinder Agreement, the Wolt shareholders party to such       
Joinder Agreements agree that DoorDash, Wolt and the Securityholder Representative will be entitled to enforce, and
seek remedies under, the Share Purchase Agreement against such Wolt shareholder party in its capacity as a Seller  
on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement. * * * Forward-Looking        
Statements This supplement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking       
statements generally relate to future events, including the timing of the proposed transaction and other           
information related to the proposed transaction. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because
they contain words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expects,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “could,” “intends,”         
“target,” “projects,” “contemplates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “potential” or “continue” or the        
negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern the proposed transaction and our        
expectations, strategy, plans or intentions regarding it. Forward-looking statements in this communication include,
                                                                                                                   
but are not limited to, (i) expectations regarding the timing, completion and expected benefits of our proposed    
acquisition of Wolt, and (ii) expectations related to the per share closing stock consideration upon the completion
of the Transaction, projected capitalization following the completion of the Transaction, and estimated ownership  
and voting power of the DoorDash and Wolt founders, DoorDash directors and officers and other parties following the
completion of the Transaction. The following factors or events, among others, could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those described in the forward-looking statements:                                                 
                                                                                                                   
  •    DoorDash’s and Wolt’s ability to establish and maintain strategic collaborations, licensing or other        
       arrangements, and the terms of and timing such arrangements;                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                  
  •    the timing to consummate the Transaction;  
                                                  
                                                              
  •    the failure to satisfy the conditions to the Closing;  
                                                              
                                                                                                                   
       the inherent risks, costs and uncertainties associated with integrating the businesses successfully and     
  •    risks of not achieving all or any of the anticipated benefits and synergies of the Transaction, or the      
       risk that the anticipated benefits and synergies of the Transaction may not be fully realized or take       
       longer to realize than expected;                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                       
  •    unexpected costs, liabilities or delays in connection with or with respect to the Transaction;  
                                                                                                       
                                                                                                 
  •    the diversion of DoorDash and Wolt management time on issues related to the Transaction;  
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
  •    the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the    
       Share Purchase Agreement;                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                            
  •    the failure to consummate or delay in consummating the Transaction;  
                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
       the effect of the announcement or pendency of the Transaction on DoorDash’s or Wolt’s customers, employees  
  •    and business relationships, operating results, ability to retain and hire key personnel and businesses      
       generally;                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                
  •    the dilution caused by DoorDash’s issuance of additional shares of its common stock in the Transaction;  
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
       the stock price of DoorDash Class A common stock could decline before the completion of the Transaction,    
  •    including as a result of the financial performance of DoorDash or Wolt or more generally due to broader     
       stock market movements and the performance of peer group companies;                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                 
  •    competitive pressures in the markets in which DoorDash and Wolt operate;  
                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
  •    failure of the Transaction to qualify for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a “reorganization” within     
       the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code;                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                              
  •    potential legal proceedings relating to the Transaction and the outcome of any such legal proceeding;  
                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
       the COVID-19 pandemic, including the duration and spread of the outbreak, its severity, the actions to      
  •    contain the virus or treat its impact, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating     
       conditions can resume;                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                            
  •    changes in laws or regulations; and  
                                            
                                                
  •    changes in general economic conditions.  
                                                
For additional information concerning factors that could cause actual conditions, events or results to materially  
differ from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the section titled “ Risk Factors”  
beginning on page 19 of the Prospectus as supplemented by this Supplement. Additionally, see the section titled “  
Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 184 of the Prospectus. The risks and uncertainties described
and referred to above are not exclusive and further information concerning DoorDash and Wolt and their respective  
businesses, including factors that potentially could materially affect their respective businesses, financial      
condition or operating results, may emerge from time to time. Additional information concerning these risks and    
uncertainties is contained in DoorDash’s most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K,subsequent Quarterly       
Reports on Form 10-Q,recent Current Reports on Form 8-Kand other SEC filings. All cautionary statements made or    
referred to herein should be read as being applicable to all forward-looking statements wherever they appear. You  
are urged to consider these factors carefully in evaluating these forward-looking statements, and not to place     
                                                                                                                   
undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this prospectus speak only as  
of the date of this prospectus. Except as required by law, DoorDash and Wolt assume no obligation to update or     
revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future. No
Offer or Solicitation This communication shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to  
buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation
or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such             
jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of  
Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and, where applicable, the requirements under the securities 
laws of any other applicable jurisdiction. Important Additional Information Has Been Filed with the SEC DoorDash   
has filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4,which includes a prospectus of DoorDash. INVESTORS ARE 
URGED TO CAREFULLY READ THE PROSPECTUS IN ITS ENTIRETY AND OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS TO BE FILED WITH THE SEC IN    
THEIR ENTIRETY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT DOORDASH, WOLT, THE
PROPOSED TRANSACTION AND RELATED MATTERS. Investors may obtain free copies of the prospectus and other documents   
filed with the SEC through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov and on DoorDash’s website at           
ir.doordash.com. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits (d) Exhibits                                          
                                                                                                                   
  Exhibit    Exhibit Description                                                                                   
  Number     Amendment to the Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 9, 2022, by and among DoorDash, Inc.,    
  2.1        Wolt Enterprises Oy and Mikko Kuusi, as the Securityholder Representative                             
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  2.2        Form of Lockup Agreement by and between DoorDash, Inc. and each of the parties named in each          
             agreement therein                                                                                     
  2.3        Form of Joinder Agreement by and between DoorDash, Inc. and each of the parties named in each         
             agreement therein                                                                                     
  104        Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)                           
                                                                                                                   
SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                                                
  Date: April 14, 2022    By:     DOORDASH, INC.  /s/ Tony Xu                   
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                          Name:                   Tony Xu                       
                          Title:                  Chief Executive Officer       
                                                  -Principal Executive Officer  
                                                                                
