UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section
13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) March 17, 2021 
( March 16, 2021) Microsoft Corporation (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                     
                                                                                                  
  Washington                         001-37845                  91-1144442                        
  (State or other jurisdiction of    -Commission File Number    -IRS Employer Identification No.  
  incorporation)                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
                                                          
  One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington      98052-6399  
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)    -Zip Code   
                                                          
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 425) 882-8080 www.microsoft.com/investor Check the           
appropriate box below if the Form 8-Kfiling is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the     
registrant under any of the following provisions ( seeGeneral Instruction A.2. below):                             
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                                             
  Title of each class                        Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common stock, $0.00000625 par value per    MSFT                 NASDAQ                                     
  share                                                                                                      
  2.125% Notes due 2021                      ​MSFT                 NASDAQ                                     
  3.125% Notes due 2028                      MSFT                 NASDAQ                                     
  2.625% Notes due 2033                      MSFT                 NASDAQ                                     
                                                                                                             
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2of
this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant   
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                                                                                                                   
Item 8.01 Other Events.                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
On March 16, 2021, Microsoft Corporation (the “Company”) issued a press release announcing the expiration of its   
previously announced exchange offers for certain of its outstanding debt securities that were validly tendered (and
not validly withdrawn) by holders at or prior to such expiration at 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on March 15,   
2021 (the “Exchange Offers”). The press release has been revised to reflect that the aggregate amount of 3.041%    
Notes due 2062 to be issued in connection with the Exchange Offers is $1,934,966,000 rather than $1,934,476,000 as 
previously indicated. The revised press release with the updated amount is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is  
incorporated herein by reference. Other than as discussed above, no other changes have been made to the original   
press release.                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
On March 17, 2021, in connection with the settlement of the Exchange Offers, the Company issued $6,250,000,000     
aggregate principal amount of its 2.921% Notes due 2052 (the “2052 Notes”) and $1,934,966,000 aggregate principal  
amount of its 3.041% Notes due 2062 (the “2062 Notes”) (collectively, the “New Notes”). The New Notes were         
exchanged in the Exchange Offers pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Company’s prospectus, dated 
March 4, 2021 (the “Prospectus”), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 4, 2021.              
                                                                                                                   
The New Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of May 18, 2009 (the “Base Indenture”), between the   
Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, as amended and supplemented by the        
Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture thereto, dated as of March 17, 2021 (the “Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture”),   
between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee.                               
                                                                                                                   
The Base Indenture is set forth as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No.       
333-253138), as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto.                                                                
                                                                                                                   
Interest on the New Notes will be payable semi-annually in arrears on March 17 and September 17 of each year,      
commencing on September 17, 2021, to holders of record on the preceding March 2 or September 2, as the case may be.
The 2052 Notes will mature on March 17, 2052 and the 2062 Notes will mature on March 17, 2062.                     
                                                                                                                   
The Company will have the option to redeem the New Notes in certain circumstances described in the Prospectus.     
                                                                                                                   
The New Notes will be the Company’s senior unsecured obligations and will rank equally with the Company’s other    
unsecured and unsubordinated debt from time to time outstanding.                                                   
                                                                                                                   
The foregoing descriptions of the Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture (including the forms of the New Notes) are     
qualified in their entirety by the terms of such agreement. Please refer to such agreement, which is incorporated  
herein by reference and attached hereto as Exhibit 4.1.                                                            
                                                                                                                   
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits.                                                         
                                                                                                                   
          Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated March 17, 2021, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of   
          New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, to the Indenture, dated as of May                       
          18, 2009, between Microsoft Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as          
  4.1     trustee.                                                                                                 
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  4.2     Form of Global Note representing the 2.921% Notes due 2052 (included in Exhibit 4.1).                    
  4.3     Form of Global Note representing the 3.041% Notes due 2062 (included in Exhibit 4.1).                    
  99.1    Press Release, dated March 16, 2021, issued by Microsoft Corporation [Revised March 17, 2021].           
  104     Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)                              
                                                                                                                   
SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                                                 
                          MICROSOFT CORPORATION                                  
                          (Registrant)                                           
  Date: March 17, 2021    /s/ Alice L. Jolla                                     
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                          Alice L. Jolla                                         
                          Corporate Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer  
                                                                                 
