UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section
13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) April 12, 2021 
( April 12, 2021) Microsoft Corporation (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                     
                                                                     
  Washington                      001-37845      91-1144442          
  (State or other jurisdiction    -Commission    -IRS Employer       
  of incorporation)               File Number    Identification No.  
                                                                     
                                                          
  One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington      98052-6399  
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)    -Zip Code   
                                                          
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 425) 882-8080 www.microsoft.com/investor Check the           
appropriate box below if the Form 8-Kfiling is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the     
registrant under any of the following provisions ( seeGeneral Instruction A.2. below):                             
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                                             
  Title of each class                        Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common stock, $0.00000625 par value per    MSFT                 NASDAQ                                     
  share                                                                                                      
  2.125% Notes due 2021                      ​MSFT                 NASDAQ                                     
  3.125% Notes due 2028                      MSFT                 NASDAQ                                     
  2.625% Notes due 2033                      MSFT                 NASDAQ                                     
                                                                                                             
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2of
this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant   
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                                        
  Item 7.01  Regulation FD Disclosure.  
                                        
On April 12, 2021, Microsoft Corporation (“ Microsoft”) issued a press release announcing that it had entered into 
a definitive agreement pursuant to which Microsoft will acquire Nuance Communications, Inc. (“ Nuance”) for $56.00 
per share in an all-cashtransaction valued at $19.7 billion, inclusive of Nuance’s net debt. The full text of the  
press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. On and after April 12, 2021,    
representatives of Microsoft and Nuance will present information about the transaction to various investors. The   
presentation will include the slides attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and incorporated by reference herein. In      
accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the informationin this Current Report on Form 8-K, including  
Exhibit99.1 and Exhibit 99.2, shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities       
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “ Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and 
shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such 
filing.                                                                                                            
                                                 
  Item 9.01  Financial Statements and Exhibits.  
                                                 
(d) Exhibits.                                                                                                      
                                                      
  Exhibit No.    Description                          
  99.1           Press Release, dated April 12, 2021  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  99.2           Investor Presentation                
                                                      
SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                 
                          MICROSOFT CORPORATION  
                          (Registrant)           
  Date: April 12, 2021    /s/ Keith R. Dolliver  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                          Keith R. Dolliver      
                          Assistant Secretary    
                                                 
