                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                               WASHINGTON, DC 20549                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 10-Q                                                     
                                                                                                                   
(Mark One)
                                                                                                
  ☒    QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                   For the quarterly period ended June 30, 2025                                    
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                        OR                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                 
  ☐    TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                          For the transition period from                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                        to                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                         Commission File Number: 001-38211                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                    Roku, Inc.                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                               
                                                           
  Delaware                             26-2087865          
  (State or other jurisdiction         -I.R.S. Employer    
  of incorporation or organization)    Identification No.  
                                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                1173 Coleman Avenue                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                            San Jose, California 95110                                             
                                                                                                                   
                            (Address of principal executive offices including zip code)                            
                                                                                                                   
                        Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 408) 556-9040                        
                            Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                            
                                                                                                          
  Title of Each Class:                       Trading Symbol(s):    Name of Exchange on Which Registered:  
  Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value    ROKU                  The Nasdaq Global Select Market        
                                                                                                          
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. Yes☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to
be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated
filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.
                                                                  
  Large Accelerated Filer    ☒    Accelerated filer            ☐  
  Non-accelerated filer      ☐    Smaller reporting company    ☐  
  Emerging growth company    ☐                                    
                                                                  
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).
Yes ☐No ☒

As of June 30, 2025, the registrant had 130,251,569shares of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and
17,079,064shares of Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, outstanding.
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                                 Table of Contents                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                         Page  
  PART I.       FINANCIAL INFORMATION                                                                       1  
  Item 1.       Financial Statements (Unaudited)                                                            1  
                Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets                                                       1  
                Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations                                             2  
                Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)                            3  
                Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity                                   4  
                Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                             5  
                Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements                                        7  
                1. The Company                                                                              7  
                2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies                                               7  
                3. Revenue                                                                                  9  
                4. Business Combination                                                                    10  
                5. Goodwill and Intangible Assets                                                          11  
                6. Balance Sheet Components                                                                13  
                7. Content Assets                                                                          14  
                8. Strategic Investments                                                                   15  
                9. Fair Value Disclosure                                                                   15  
                10. Leases                                                                                 17  
                11. Debt                                                                                   19  
                12. Stockholders’ Equity                                                                   19  
                13. Commitments and Contingencies                                                          21  
                14. Income Taxes                                                                           22  
                15. Net Income (Loss) Per Share                                                            22  
                16. Segment Information                                                                    23  
                17. Restructuring Charges                                                                  25  
                18. Subsequent Event                                                                       25  
  Item 2.       Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations      26  
  Item 3.       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk                                 35  
  Item 4.       Controls and Procedures                                                                    35  
  PART II.      OTHER INFORMATION                                                                          36  
  Item 1.       Legal Proceedings                                                                          36  
  Item 1A.      Risk Factors                                                                               36  
  Item 2.       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds                                67  
  Item 3.       Defaults Upon Senior Securities                                                            67  
  Item 4.       Mine Safety Disclosures                                                                    67  
  Item 5.       Other Information                                                                          68  
  Item 6.       Exhibits                                                                                   69  
  Signatures                                                                                               70  
                                                                                                               
                                                         i                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
   GLOSSARY OF SELECTED TERMS                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
As used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (“Quarterly Report”), unless the context otherwise requires,
references to the following terms have the respective meaning as defined below.

Ad-supported Video on Demand (AVOD) : Streaming content supported by advertising that does not charge a fee to the
viewer.

Apps : Primarily refers to the direct-to-consumer streaming applications on the Roku platform (e.g., The Roku
Channel or Netflix). We also use “apps” to refer to mobile applications (such as our Roku Smart Home app).

Average Revenue per User (ARPU): Platform revenue for the trailing four quarters divided by the average of the
number of Streaming Households at the end of the current period and the end of the corresponding period in the
prior year.

Demand-side platform (DSP): Programmatic advertising technology that allows advertisers and advertising agencies to
buy advertising inventory across multiple platforms and publishers through one interface.

FAST: Free, ad-supported linear streaming TV, which does not include on-demand content.

Licensed Roku TV partners: TV original equipment manufacturers (“OEMs”) that license the Roku TV OS and leverage
our smart TV reference designs to build TVs.

Linear TV: A TV format that provides programming at specifically scheduled times.

Premium Subscriptions: Subscription-based streaming services from content partners (e.g., Paramount) offered
through The Roku Channel.

Roku-branded TVs: TVs powered by the Roku TV OS that are designed, made, and sold by Roku. Roku-branded TVs include
the Roku Select, Roku Plus, and Roku Pro Series TVs.

Roku Experience : The user experience on the Roku platform, representing all the features that Roku builds and
operates to engage, delight, and help our viewers easily find great entertainment.

Roku Home Screen: The first screen the viewer sees when they begin streaming with a Roku streaming device. The
viewer is also returned to the Roku Home Screen by pressing the home button on the Roku remote or when exiting
apps.

Roku Home Screen Menu: The left-hand navigation bar on the Roku Home Screen.

Roku Originals: Original content programming created by Roku.

Roku TV OS (or Roku platform): Roku operating system that is purpose built for TV and powers Roku streaming
devices.

Roku TV models: TVs powered by the Roku TV OS that are made and sold by our licensed Roku TV partners.

Supply-side platform (SSP): Programmatic advertising technology that enables publishers to sell their advertising
inventory to multiple demand sources.

Streaming: The distribution of video, music, or other media content via the internet.

Streaming device : Any device that enables streaming. Roku streaming devices include Roku streaming players, Roku
TV models, and Roku-branded TVs.

Streaming Hours: The aggregate amount of time streaming devices stream content on Roku’s streaming platform in a
given period. See Item 2, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,
Key Performance Metrics and Non-GAAP Measures, elsewhere in this Quarterly Report for additional detail.

Streaming Households : The number of distinct user accounts that have streamed on our platform within the last 30
days of the period.

Streaming platform: The technology that delivers the viewer experience and streaming apps (e.g., The Roku Channel
and Netflix) over an internet connection to a user’s TV.

Streaming players : A device that connects to a TV via an HDMI connection to enable streaming to the TV (such as
the Roku Express, Roku Express 4K, Roku Streaming Stick 4K, Roku Ultra, Roku Streambar, and Roku Streambar Pro).

Smart TV: A television that is connected to the internet through an operating system (e.g., the Roku TV OS).

Subscription Video on Demand (SVOD): Streaming content that is available on demand, requires a paid subscription,
and can be ad-supported or ad-free.

TV streaming : The act of streaming content over the internet on a TV.

The Roku Channel: Roku’s owned and operated streaming service. The Roku Channel aggregates three types of
content—AVOD, FAST, and Premium Subscriptions—within The Roku Channel app and through viewing experiences
integrated throughout the Roku platform (e.g., Live TV on the Roku Home Screen Menu).
                                                         i                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
   NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
This Quarterly Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (“Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(“Exchange Act”), about us and our industry that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements other
than statements of historical facts in this Quarterly Report, including statements regarding our future results of
operations and financial condition, business strategy, and plans and objectives of management for future
operations, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, forward-looking statements may be identified by words
such as “aim,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “design,” “developing,” “estimate,” “expect,”
“intend,” “may,” “plan,” “potentially,” “predict,” “project,” “seek,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “target,” or the
negative of these terms or other similar expressions. We caution you that the foregoing may not encompass all of
the forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report.

Forward-looking statements are based on our management’s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently
available. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and
assumptions, including risks described in the section titled “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report,
regarding, among other things:

• our financial performance, including our revenue, cost of revenue, operating expenses, profitability, and key
performance metrics;

• the impact of macroeconomic conditions and uncertainties, such as tariffs, inflation, and geopolitical conflicts,
on our business, operations, and the markets and communities in which we and our advertisers, content partners,
licensed Roku TV partners, other device licensees, manufacturers, suppliers, retailers, and viewers operate;

• our ability to attract and retain viewers and increase Streaming Hours;

• our ability to attract and retain advertisers to purchase advertising on our streaming platform;

• our ability to attract and retain TV brands and manufacturing partners to license and deploy our technology;

• our ability to produce or acquire rights to distribute popular content on our streaming platform on favorable
terms, or at all, including the renewals of our existing agreements with content partners;

• changes in TV viewing habits and the growth of TV streaming;

• the growth of our relevant markets, including the growth in advertising spend on TV streaming platforms, and our
ability to successfully grow our business in those markets;

• our ability to adapt to changing market conditions and technological developments;

• our ability to develop and launch new products and provide ancillary services and support;

• our ability to integrate and realize the anticipated benefits of acquired businesses, products, and technologies;

• our ability to expand our products and services into adjacent markets, scale our operations in these markets, and
do so profitably over time;

• our ability to compete effectively with existing competitors and new market entrants;

• our ability to successfully manage domestic and international expansion;

• our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel;

• our ability to address potential and actual cybersecurity incidents and system failures involving our products,
systems, and operations;

• our ability to maintain, protect, and enhance our intellectual property;
• our ability to obtain financing on favorable terms, or at all;

• our ability to manage the selling prices of our products to increase Streaming Households; and
• our ability to comply with laws and regulations that currently apply or may become applicable to our business
both in the United States and internationally, including compliance with privacy and data protection regulations.

Other sections of this Quarterly Report may include additional factors that could harm our business and financial
performance. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risk factors emerge
from time to time, and it is not possible for our management to predict all risk factors nor can we assess the
impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause
actual results to differ from those contained in, or implied by, any forward-looking statements.

You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We cannot assure you that the
events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Although we believe
that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future
results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to
update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this Quarterly Report or to conform
these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations. You should read this Quarterly Report, and
the documents referenced in and filed as exhibits to this Quarterly Report, with the understanding that our actual
future results, levels of activity, performance, and achievements may be materially different from what we expect.
We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements.

Investors and others should note that we may announce material business and financial information to our investors
using our investor relations website (roku.com/investor), our blog (roku.com/blog), U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (“SEC”) filings, webcasts, press releases, and conference calls. We use these mediums to communicate
with investors and the general public about our company, our products and services, and other issues. It is
possible that the information that we make available may be deemed to be material information. We therefore
encourage investors, the media, and others interested in our company to review the information that we post on our
investor relations website. Roku, the Roku logo, and other trade names, trademarks, or service marks of Roku
appearing in this report are the property of Roku. Trade names, trademarks, and service marks of other companies
appearing in this report are the property of their respective holders. Information contained on or accessible
through the websites listed above is not incorporated by reference nor otherwise included in this Quarterly Report,
and any references to these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only.
                                                         i                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                           PART I—FINANCIAL INFORMATION                                            
                                                                                                                   
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 1. Financial Statements                                                                                   │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                                                                   
                                                    ROKU, INC.                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                       (in thousands, except par value data)                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                    (unaudited)                                                    
                                                                                        
                                                         As of                          
                                                 June 30, 2025       December 31, 2024  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Assets                                                                                
  Current assets:                                                                       
  Cash and cash equivalents                   $      2,253,276    $          2,160,236  
  Accounts receivable, net of allowances                                                
  of $52,054and $72,657as of June 30, 2025             628,475                 812,510  
  and December 31, 2024, respectively                                                   
  Inventories                                          112,695                 158,271  
  Prepaid expenses and other current                   163,826                 103,146  
  assets                                                                                
  Total current assets                               3,158,272               3,234,163  
  Property and equipment, net                          193,765                 213,690  
  Operating lease right-of-use assets                  285,516                 304,505  
  Content assets, net                                  197,416                 237,321  
  Intangible assets, net                                64,496                  27,501  
  Goodwill                                             309,406                 161,519  
  Other non-current assets                              73,084                 125,234  
  Total Assets                                $      4,281,955    $          4,303,933  
  Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity                                                  
  Current liabilities:                                                                  
  Accounts payable                            $        165,963    $            273,985  
  Accrued liabilities                                  818,597                 852,799  
  Deferred revenue, current portion                    123,628                 105,718  
  Total current liabilities                          1,108,188               1,232,502  
  Deferred revenue, non-current portion                 25,192                  25,050  
  Operating lease liability, non-current               481,779                 512,706  
  portion                                                                               
  Other long-term liabilities                           76,244                  40,938  
  Total Liabilities                                  1,691,403               1,811,196  
  Commitments and contingencies (Note 13)                                               
  Stockholders’ Equity:                                                                 
  Common stock, $0.0001par value                            15                      15  
  Additional paid-in capital                         4,033,004               3,921,432  
  Accumulated other comprehensive income                 1,434                  -1,737  
  (loss)                                                                                
  Accumulated deficit                               -1,443,901              -1,426,973  
  Total stockholders’ equity                         2,590,552               2,492,737  
  Total Liabilities and Stockholders’         $      4,281,955    $          4,303,933  
  Equity                                                                                
                                                                                        
                      See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                         1                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                                    ROKU, INC.                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                       (in thousands, except per share data)                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                    (unaudited)                                                    
                                                                                                                   
                       Three Months                                                Six Months                      
                              Ended                                                     Ended                      
                      June 30, 2025                June 30, 2024                June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net revenue:                                                                                                     
  Platform        $         975,471             $        824,333             $      1,856,288    $      1,579,268  
  Devices                   135,567                      143,846                      275,422             270,380  
  Total net               1,111,038                      968,179                    2,131,710           1,849,648  
  revenue                                                                                                          
  Cost of                                                                                                          
  revenue:                                                                                                         
  Platform                  477,795                      384,454                      894,301             745,020  
  Devices                   135,585                      159,025                      294,706             291,637  
  Total cost                613,380                      543,479                    1,189,007           1,036,657  
  of revenue                                                                                                       
  Gross profit                                                                                                     
  (loss):                                                                                                          
  Platform                  497,676                      439,879                      961,987             834,248  
  Devices                       -18                      -15,179                      -19,284             -21,257  
  Total gross               497,658                      424,700                      942,703             812,991  
  profit                                                                                                           
  Operating                                                                                                        
  expenses:                                                                                                        
  Research and              178,017                      175,481                      362,596             355,940  
  development                                                                                                      
  Sales and                 243,256                      221,656                      466,949             423,780  
  marketing                                                                                                        
  General and                99,718                       98,806                      194,221             176,550  
  administrat…                                                                                                     
  Total                                                                                                            
  operating                 520,991                      495,943                    1,023,766             956,270  
  expenses                                                                                                         
  Loss from                 -23,333                      -71,243                      -81,063            -143,279  
  operations                                                                                                       
  Other                                                                                                            
  income, net:                                                                                                     
  Interest                     -460                            —                         -893                   —  
  expense                                                                                                          
  Other                      28,466                       28,129                       46,115              54,075  
  income, net                                                                                                      
  Total other                28,006                       28,129                       45,222              54,075  
  income, net                                                                                                      
  Income                                                                                                           
  (loss)                      4,673                      -43,114                      -35,841             -89,204  
  before                                                                                                           
  income taxes                                                                                                     
  Income tax                 -5,830                       -9,161                      -18,913              -4,396  
  benefit                                                                                                          
  Net income      $          10,503             $        -33,953             $        -16,928    $        -84,808  
  (loss)                                                                                                           
  Net income                                                                                                       
  (loss) per                                                                                                       
  share —         $            0.07             $          -0.24             $          -0.12    $          -0.59  
  basic and                                                                                                        
  diluted                                                                                                          
  Weighted-av…                                                                                                     
  common                                                                                                           
  shares                             146,888                      144,339             146,545             144,045  
  outstanding                                                                                                      
  — basic                                                                                                          
  Weighted-av…                                                                                                     
  common                                                                                                           
  shares                             149,675                      144,339             146,545             144,045  
  outstanding                                                                                                      
  — diluted                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
                      See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                         2                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                                    ROKU, INC.                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                         CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                  (in thousands)                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                    (unaudited)                                                    
                                                                                                                   
                                Three Months Ended                           Six Months Ended                      
                                     June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024          June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net income (loss)          $              10,503    $        -33,953    $           -16,928    $        -84,808  
  Other comprehensive                                                                                              
  income (loss), net                                                                                               
  of tax:                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
  Foreign currency                           2,190                -483                  3,171                -820  
  translation adjustment                                                                                           
  Comprehensive income       $              12,693    $        -34,436    $           -13,757    $        -85,628  
  (loss)                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
                      See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                         3                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                                    ROKU, INC.                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                             CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                  (in thousands)                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                    (unaudited)                                                    
                                                                                                                   
  Three                                                           Accumulated                                      
  Months                                                                Other                                      
  Ended June         Common                     Additional       Comprehensi…                               Total  
  30, 2025            Stock                        Paid-in             Income       Accumulated       Stockholde…  
  Balance—M…         Shares       Amount           Capital             (Loss)           Deficit            Equity  
  31, 2025          146,657           15         3,980,854              (756)       (1,454,404)         2,525,709  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Issuance                                                                                                         
  of common                                                                                                        
  stock                                                                                                            
  pursuant            1,126            —               511                  —                 —               511  
  to                                                                                                               
  equity                                                                                                           
  incentive                                                                                                        
  plans                                                                                                            
  Stock-bas…                                                                                                       
  compensat…              —            —            84,640                  —                 —            84,640  
  expense                                                                                                          
  Shares                                                                                                           
  withheld                                                                                                         
  for taxes                                                                                                        
  related to                                                                                                       
  net                  -452            —           -33,001                  —                 —           -33,001  
  share                                                                                                            
  settlement                                                                                                       
  of equity                                                                                                        
  awards                                                                                                           
  Foreign                                                                                                          
  currency                —            —                 —              2,190                 —             2,190  
  translati…                                                                                                       
  adjustment                                                                                                       
  Net income              —            —                 —                  —            10,503            10,503  
  Balance—J…        147,331    $      15    $    4,033,004    $         1,434    $   -1,443,901    $    2,590,552  
  30, 2025                                                                                                         
  Six Months                                                                                                       
  Ended June                                                                                                       
  30, 2025                                                                                                         
  Balance—D…        145,910    $      15    $    3,921,432    $        -1,737    $   -1,426,973    $    2,492,737  
  31, 2024                                                                                                         
  Issuance                                                                                                         
  of common                                                                                                        
  stock                                                                                                            
  pursuant            2,352            —             2,946                  —                 —             2,946  
  to                                                                                                               
  equity                                                                                                           
  incentive                                                                                                        
  plans                                                                                                            
  Stock-bas…                                                                                                       
  compensat…              —            —           180,134                  —                 —           180,134  
  expense                                                                                                          
  Shares                                                                                                           
  withheld                                                                                                         
  for taxes                                                                                                        
  related to                                                                                                       
  net                  -931            —           -71,508                  —                 —           -71,508  
  share                                                                                                            
  settlement                                                                                                       
  of equity                                                                                                        
  awards                                                                                                           
  Foreign                                                                                                          
  currency                —            —                 —              3,171                 —             3,171  
  translati…                                                                                                       
  adjustment                                                                                                       
  Net loss                —            —                 —                  —           -16,928           -16,928  
  Balance—J…        147,331    $      15    $    4,033,004    $         1,434    $   -1,443,901    $    2,590,552  
  30, 2025                                                                                                         
                                                                  Accumulated                                      
                     Common                     Additional              Other       Accumulated             Total  
                      Stock                        Paid-in       Comprehensi…           Deficit       Stockholde…  
                                                   Capital             Income                              Equity  
                                                                       (Loss)                                      
  Three                                                                                                            
  Months             Shares       Amount                                                                           
  Ended June                                                                                                       
  30, 2024                                                                                                         
  Balance—M…        144,165    $      14    $    3,704,435    $          -178    $   -1,348,442    $    2,355,829  
  31, 2024                                                                                                         
  Issuance                                                                                                         
  of common                                                                                                        
  stock                                                                                                            
  pursuant              859            —               417                  —                 —               417  
  to                                                                                                               
  equity                                                                                                           
  incentive                                                                                                        
  plans                                                                                                            
  Stock-bas…                                                                                                       
  compensat…              —            —            88,396                  —                 —            88,396  
  expense                                                                                                          
  Shares                                                                                                           
  withheld                                                                                                         
  for taxes                                                                                                        
  related to                                                                                                       
  net                  -335            —           -19,417                  —                 —           -19,417  
  share                                                                                                            
  settlement                                                                                                       
  of equity                                                                                                        
  awards                                                                                                           
  Foreign                                                                                                          
  currency                —            —                 —               -483                 —              -483  
  translati…                                                                                                       
  adjustment                                                                                                       
  Net loss                —            —                 —                  —           -33,953           -33,953  
  Balance—J…        144,689    $      14    $    3,773,831    $          -661    $   -1,382,395    $    2,390,789  
  30, 2024                                                                                                         
  Six Months                                                                                                       
  Ended June                                                                                                       
  30, 2024                                                                                                         
  Balance—D…        143,502    $      14    $    3,623,747    $           159    $   -1,297,587    $    2,326,333  
  31, 2023                                                                                                         
  Issuance                                                                                                         
  of common                                                                                                        
  stock                                                                                                            
  pursuant            1,872            —             8,679                  —                 —             8,679  
  to                                                                                                               
  equity                                                                                                           
  incentive                                                                                                        
  plans                                                                                                            
  Stock-bas…                                                                                                       
  compensat…              —            —           183,028                  —                 —           183,028  
  expense                                                                                                          
  Shares                                                                                                           
  withheld                                                                                                         
  for taxes                                                                                                        
  related to                                                                                                       
  net                  -685            —           -41,623                  —                 —           -41,623  
  share                                                                                                            
  settlement                                                                                                       
  of equity                                                                                                        
  awards                                                                                                           
  Foreign                                                                                                          
  currency                —            —                 —               -820                 —              -820  
  translati…                                                                                                       
  adjustment                                                                                                       
  Net loss                —            —                 —                  —           -84,808           -84,808  
  Balance—J…        144,689    $      14    $    3,773,831    $          -661    $   -1,382,395    $    2,390,789  
  30, 2024                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                      See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                         4                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                                    ROKU, INC.                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                                  (in thousands)                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                    (unaudited)                                                    
                                                                                       
                                                 Six Months Ended                      
                                                    June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash flows from operating activities:                                                
  Net loss                                    $           -16,928    $        -84,808  
  Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net                                             
  cash provided by operating activities:                                               
  Depreciation and amortization                            32,073              32,280  
  Stock-based compensation expense                        180,134             183,028  
  Amortization of right-of-use assets                      23,836              23,767  
  Amortization and write-off of content                   101,003             108,022  
  assets                                                                               
  Foreign currency remeasurement (gains)                     -112               2,385  
  losses                                                                               
  Change in fair value of strategic                                                    
  investment in convertible promissory                      3,100              -3,634  
  notes                                                                                
  Change in fair value of contingent                          491                   —  
  consideration                                                                        
  Impairment of assets                                      2,870              11,506  
  Provision for doubtful accounts                           1,414               4,344  
  Other items, net                                            358              -1,489  
  Changes in operating assets and                                                      
  liabilities:                                                                         
  Accounts receivable                                     189,024             142,463  
  Inventories                                              45,576              -4,222  
  Prepaid expenses and other current                      -21,115             -25,012  
  assets                                                                               
  Content assets and liabilities, net                     -91,361             -91,226  
  Other non-current assets                                  5,864             -17,279  
  Accounts payable                                       -114,583            -108,606  
  Accrued liabilities                                     -48,955             -66,715  
  Operating lease liabilities                             -38,523             -27,751  
  Other long-term liabilities                              -6,797                 320  
  Deferred revenue                                          1,096              -7,284  
  Net cash provided by operating                          248,465              70,089  
  activities                                                                           
  Cash flows from investing activities:                                                
  Purchases of property and equipment                      -3,053              -1,547  
  Purchase of business, net of cash                       -95,090                   —  
  acquired                                                                             
  Purchase of strategic investments                        -7,000                   —  
  Repayment of convertible promissory note                 10,000                   —  
  Net cash used in investing activities                   -95,143              -1,547  
  Cash flows from financing activities:                                                
  Proceeds from equity issued under                         2,946               8,679  
  incentive plans                                                                      
  Taxes paid related to net share                         -71,508             -41,623  
  settlement of equity awards                                                          
  Net cash used in financing activities                   -68,562             -32,944  
  Net increase in cash, cash equivalents                   84,760              35,598  
  and restricted cash                                                                  
  Effect of exchange rate changes on cash,                  7,877              -4,002  
  cash equivalents and restricted cash                                                 
  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted                 2,160,639           2,066,604  
  cash—beginning of period                                                             
  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted       $         2,253,276    $      2,098,200  
  cash—end of period                                                                   
                                                                                       
                                                         5                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                       
                                                 Six Months Ended                      
                                                    June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted                                                
  cash at end of period:                                                               
                                                                                       
  Cash and cash equivalents                   $         2,253,276    $      2,058,465  
  Restricted cash, current                                      —              39,735  
  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted       $         2,253,276    $      2,098,200  
  cash—end of period                                                                   
  Supplemental disclosures of cash flow                                                
  information:                                                                         
  Cash paid for interest                      $               347    $             61  
  Cash paid for income taxes                  $            10,123    $          6,702  
  Supplemental disclosures of non-cash                                                 
  investing and financing activities:                                                  
  Non-cash contingent consideration for       $            65,815    $              —  
  business combination                                                                 
  Unpaid portion of property and equipment    $               368    $             69  
  purchases                                                                            
                                                                                       
                      See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                         6                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                                    ROKU, INC.                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                               NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  1. THE COMPANY                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
Organization and Description of Business

Roku, Inc. (the “Company” or “Roku”), was formed in October 2002 as Roku LLC under the laws of the State of
Delaware. On February 1, 2008, Roku LLC was converted into Roku, Inc., a Delaware corporation. The Company operates
in tworeportable segments and generates platform revenue from the sale of digital advertising (including direct and
programmatic video advertising, ads integrated into the Company’s user interface, and related services) and
streaming services distribution (including subscription and transaction revenue shares, the sale of Premium
Subscriptions, and the sale of branded app buttons on remote controls). The Company generates devices revenue from
the sale of streaming players, Roku-branded TVs, smart home products and services, audio products, and related
accessories.
2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation
The condensed consolidated financial statements, which include the accounts of Roku and its wholly-owned
subsidiaries, have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
(“U.S. GAAP”) and applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) regarding
interim financial reporting. Certain information and note disclosures normally included in the financial statements
prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. These
condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial
statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, filed with
the SEC on February 14, 2025 (the “Annual Report”).
The condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024 has been derived from the audited consolidated
financial statements as of that date but does not include all of the information and footnotes included in the
Company’s Annual Report. The interim financial information is unaudited, but reflects all normal recurring
adjustments that are, in the opinion of management, necessary to fairly present the information set forth herein.
The results of operations for the three and six months ended June 30, 2025 are not necessarily indicative of the
operating results to be expected for the full year or any future periods.
All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Certain prior period amounts
reported in our condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been reclassified to
conform to the current period presentation.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of the Company’s condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires
management to make certain estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, net revenue, and expenses. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include:
• revenue recognition: determining the nature and timing of satisfaction of performance obligations, variable
consideration, determining the stand-alone selling prices of performance obligations, gross versus net revenue
recognition, and evaluation of customer versus vendor relationships;
• amortization and impairment of content assets;
• the impairment of long-lived assets;
• inventory reserves;
• valuation of consideration transferred, assets acquired, and liabilities assumed in connection with business
combinations (see Note 4);
• valuation of strategic investments (see Note 9);
• useful lives of tangible and intangible assets;
• allowances for sales returns and sales incentives; and
• the valuation of deferred income tax assets.
The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that the Company believes
to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from the Company’s estimates and assumptions.
                                                         7                                                         
Table of Contents
Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash
The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less at
the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents consist primarily of bank deposit accounts
and investments in money market funds.
The Company’s restricted cash balance is included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets in the condensed
consolidated balance sheets and is used to secure outstanding letters of credit related to operating leases for
office facilities.
The Company maintains its cash, cash equivalent, and restricted cash balances with financial institutions of high
credit quality and continuously monitors the amount of exposure to any one institution and diversifies as necessary
in order to minimize its concentration risk. Such balances often exceed regulated insured limits.
Accounts Receivable, Net
Accounts receivable are typically unsecured and are derived from revenue earned from customers. They are stated at
invoice value less estimated allowances for sales returns, sales incentives, doubtful accounts, and other
miscellaneous allowances. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers to determine allowances
for potential credit losses and doubtful accounts. The Company considers historical experience, ongoing promotional
activities, historical claim rates, and other factors to determine the allowances for sales returns and sales
incentives.
Allowance for Sales Returns : Allowance for sales returns consisted of the following activities (in thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                                Three Months Ended                           Six Months Ended                      
                                     June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024          June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Beginning balance          $               5,366    $          6,766    $             6,427    $          7,808  
  Add: Charged to revenue                    4,592               4,966                  8,918               8,574  
  Less: Utilization of                                                                                             
  sales return                              -4,341              -5,356                 -9,728             -10,006  
  reserve                                                                                                          
  Ending balance             $               5,617    $          6,376    $             5,617    $          6,376  
                                                                                                                   
Allowance for Sales Incentives : Allowance for sales incentives consisted of the following activities (in
thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                                Three Months Ended                           Six Months Ended                      
                                     June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024          June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Beginning balance          $              41,039    $         16,520    $            63,367    $         23,024  
  Add: Charged to revenue                   41,484              32,772                 93,134              56,033  
  Less: Utilization of                                                                                             
  sales incentive                          -40,009             -22,651               -113,987             -52,416  
  reserve                                                                                                          
  Ending balance             $              42,514    $         26,641    $            42,514    $         26,641  
                                                                                                                   
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts : Allowance for doubtful accounts consisted of the following activities (in
thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                                Three Months Ended                           Six Months Ended                      
                                     June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024          June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Beginning balance          $               3,080    $          1,656    $             1,895    $          2,213  
  Provision for doubtful                       129               4,351                  1,414               4,344  
  accounts                                                                                                         
  Adjustments for                             -553                -138                   -653                -688  
  write-off                                                                                                        
  Ending balance             $               2,656    $          5,869    $             2,656    $          5,869  
                                                                                                                   
Customer J accounted for 14% of the Company’s accounts receivable, net balance as of June 30, 2025. Customers J and
B accounted for 12% and 10%, respectively, of the Company’s accounts receivable, net balance as of December 31,
2024 .
                                                         8                                                         
Table of Contents
Inventories

The Company’s inventories consist primarily of finished goods and are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable
value with cost determined on a first-in, first-out basis. Provisions are made if the cost of the inventories
exceeds their net realizable value. The Company evaluates inventory levels for excess and obsolete products, based
on its assessment of future demand and market conditions. The Company recognized an inventory provision of $
3.6million and a recovery of $ 0.1million, charged to the Cost of revenue, devices, for the three months ended June
30, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and inventory provisions of $ 10.4million and $ 1.1million for the six months
ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. As of June 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the ending inventory reserve
was $ 15.4million and $ 28.7million, respectively.

In addition, the Company records a liability for expected losses on firm, noncancelable, and unconditional purchase
commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers. During the three months ended June 30, 2024, the Company
recorded losses on purchase commitments in Cost of revenue, devices of $ 17.4million . There were no losses on
purchase commitments during the three months ended June 30, 2025. During the six months ended June 30, 2025 and
2024, the Company recorded losses on purchase commitments in Cost of revenue, devices of $ 0.3million and $
21.3million during the six months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The associated liabilities related to
the anticipated losses on firm purchase commitments were immaterial as of June 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
Business Combinations
The Company determines whether a transaction meets the definition of a business combination before applying the
acquisition method of accounting to that transaction. The Company recognizes and measures tangible and intangible
assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their acquisition date fair values. The excess of the fair value
of purchase consideration over the fair values of identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. The
operating results of acquired businesses are included in the Company’s condensed consolidated statements of
operations from their acquisition date. Acquisition-related expenses and certain acquisition restructuring and
other related charges are recognized separately from the business combination and are expensed as incurred.
Contingent consideration classified as a liability is recognized at fair value as of the acquisition date with
subsequent fair value adjustments recorded in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.
While the Company uses its best estimates and assumptions to accurately value assets acquired and liabilities
assumed at the acquisition date, such estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. As a result,
during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, the Company may record
adjustments to consideration transferred, and to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding
offset to goodwill. In addition, uncertain tax positions and tax-related valuation allowances are initially
recorded in connection with a business combination as of the acquisition date. The Company continues to collect
information and reevaluates these estimates and assumptions throughout the measurement period, recording any
adjustments to the Company’s preliminary estimates with a corresponding offset to goodwill as necessary. Upon the
conclusion of the measurement period or the final determination of the values of consideration transferred, and
assets acquired and liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to the
condensed consolidated statements of operations.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
In November 2024, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued ASU 2024-03, Income Statement -
Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40) - Disaggregation of Income
Statement Expenses , which requires additional disclosures of specific expense categories in the notes to the
financial statements on an annual and interim basis. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2026 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027 on a retrospective or
prospective basis. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the effects of the new guidance.
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740) - Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures ,
which requires incremental disclosures within the income tax disclosures that increase the transparency and
usefulness of income tax disclosures. The updated disclosures primarily require specific categories and greater
disaggregation within the rate reconciliation, disaggregation of income taxes paid, and modifications of other
income tax-related disclosures. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024.
Retrospective application is also permitted. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the effects of
the new guidance.
3. REVENUE
The Company’s disaggregated revenue is represented by the tworeportable segments discussed in Note 16.
                                                         9                                                         
Table of Contents
The contract balances include the following (in thousands):
                                                                                     
                                                      As of                          
                                              June 30, 2025       December 31, 2024  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Accounts receivable, net                 $        628,475    $            812,510  
  Contract assets (included in Prepaid                1,739                   1,687  
  expenses and other current assets)                                                 
  Deferred revenue:                                                                  
  Deferred revenue, current portion                 123,628                 105,718  
  Deferred revenue, non-current portion              25,192                  25,050  
  Total deferred revenue                   $        148,820    $            130,768  
                                                                                     
Accounts receivable are recorded at the amount invoiced, net of an allowance for sales returns, sales incentives,
and doubtful accounts. Payment terms can vary by customer and contract.

The timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. Contract assets are created
when invoicing occurs subsequent to revenue recognition. Contract assets are transferred to accounts receivable
when the right to invoice becomes unconditional. The Company’s contract assets are current in nature and are
included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets.

Deferred revenue reflects consideration invoiced prior to the completion of performance obligations and revenue
recognition. Deferred revenue increased by $ 18.1million during the six months ended June 30, 2025 primarily due to
the timing of fulfillment of performance obligations related to advertising arrangements, growth in Premium
Subscriptions, and a business combination. See Note 4 for additional details.

Revenue recognized during the three and six months ended June 30, 2025, from amounts included in total deferred
revenue as of December 31, 2024, was $ 15.2million and $ 60.2million, respectively. Revenue recognized during the
three and six months ended June 30, 2024, from amounts included in total deferred revenue as of December 31, 2023,
was $ 15.0million and $ 82.3million, respectively.

Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations represents estimated contracted revenue that has not yet
been recognized, which includes unearned revenue and amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in
future periods. Remaining performance obligations exclude contracts with original expected terms of one year or
less. Estimated contracted revenue for these remaining performance obligations was $ 1.2billion as of June 30,
2025, of which the Company expects to recognize approximately 57% over the next 12months and the remainder
thereafter.

Revenue recognized from performance obligations that were satisfied in previous periods due to changes in the
estimated transaction price of the Company’s revenue contracts was not significant during the three and six months
ended June 30, 2025. The Company recognized $ 16.2million and $ 10.3million of revenue during the three and six
months ended June 30, 2024, respectively, from performance obligations that were satisfied in previous periods due
to changes in the estimated transaction price of the Company’s revenue contracts.

Customer J accounted for 12% of the Company’s total net revenue during the three and six months ended June 30, 2025
. The Company did not have any customer that individually accounted for 10% or more of its total net revenue during
the three and six months ended June 30, 2024.
4. BUSINESS COMBINATION
On May 9, 2025 (the “Acquisition Date”), the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of Frndly TV, Inc.
(“Frndly”), a subscription streaming service that offers live TV, on-demand video, and cloud-based DVR for an
affordable price. The total purchase consideration (the “Purchase Consideration”) was $ 169.8million, consisting
primarily of cash of $ 103.6million and the fair value of contingent consideration of $ 65.8million. The
acquisition supports the Company’s focus on growing Platform revenue and Roku-billed subscriptions.
The Company will pay contingent consideration of up to $ 75.0million in cash upon the achievement of certain
performance metrics and milestones over the two yearsfollowing the Acquisition Date. See Note 9 to the condensed
consolidated financial statements for details on the fair value of the contingent consideration.
The Company incurred $ 3.2million in acquisition-related expenses and has recorded them in General and
administrative expenses in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.
The purchase price allocation below is preliminary in nature. The estimates and assumptions regarding the fair
value of contingent consideration, certain tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, the valuation of
intangible assets acquired, income taxes, and goodwill are subject to change as the Company obtains additional
information on the facts and circumstances that existed as of the Acquisition Date during the measurement period.
                                                        10                                                         
Table of Contents
The preliminary allocation of the Purchase Consideration to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities
assumed is based on estimated fair values and is as follows (in thousands):
                                                        
  Assets Acquired                          Fair Values  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash and cash equivalents             $        8,481  
  Accounts receivable                            5,610  
  Prepaid expenses and other assets                432  
  Operating lease right-of-use asset               640  
  Intangible assets                             46,000  
  Goodwill                                     147,887  
  Total assets acquired                        209,050  
  Liabilities Assumed                                   
  Accounts payable                               5,986  
  Accrued liabilities                            9,918  
  Deferred revenue                              16,956  
  Operating lease liability                        358  
  Deferred tax liability                         6,031  
  Total liabilities assumed                     39,249  
  Total Purchase Consideration          $      169,801  
                                                        
The excess of the total Purchase Consideration over the tangible assets, intangible assets, and liabilities assumed
is recorded as goodwill. Goodwill is primarily attributable to expected synergies and economies of scale expected
from combining the operations of Roku and Frndly. The goodwill recorded is not deductible for tax purposes.
The valuation of the intangible assets acquired from Frndly along with their estimated useful lives, is as follows
(in thousands, except years):
                                                                                                          
                                                                 Estimated Weighted-Average Useful Lives  
                                         Estimated Fair Value                                 (in years)  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Customer relationships              $                32,000                                        7.3  
  Tradename                                            14,000                                        5.0  
  Estimated fair value of acquired    $                46,000                                        6.6  
  intangible assets                                                                                       
                                                                                                          
The operations of Frndly are included in the Company’s operating results beginning on the Acquisition Date and
contributed approximately 1.8points of growth in Platform revenue in the three months ended June 30, 2025.
Historical and pro forma disclosures are not required given the size of Frndly relative to the Company.
5. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of purchase consideration in a business combination over the fair value of tangible
and intangible assets acquired net of the liabilities assumed. All goodwill relates to the platform segment.
The following table reflects the changes in the carrying value of goodwill (in thousands):
                                                        
                                        Carrying Value  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance as of December 31, 2024    $         161,519  
  Frndly acquisition (see Note 4)              147,887  
  Balance as of June 30, 2025        $         309,406  
                                                        
                                                        11                                                         
Table of Contents
Intangible Assets
The following tables summarize the Company’s intangible assets for the periods presented (in thousands, except
years):
                                                                                                                   
                            As of June 30,                                                                         
                                      2025                                                                         
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                            Gross Carrying              Accumulated            Net Carrying      Weighted-Average  
                                    Amount             Amortization                  Amount          Useful Lives  
                                                                                                       (in years)  
  Developed           $             73,367    $             -66,800    $              6,567                   5.9  
  technology                                                                                                       
  Customer                          46,100                  -15,589                  30,511                   6.3  
  relationships                                                                                                    
  Tradename                         34,400                   -9,432                  24,968                   7.9  
  Patents                            4,076                   -1,626                   2,450                  14.0  
  Total Intangible    $            157,943    $             -93,447    $             64,496                   6.7  
  assets                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                            As of December 31,                                                                     
                                          2024                                                                     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                Gross Carrying        Accumulated                                Weighted-Average  
                                        Amount       Amortization       Net Carrying Amount          Useful Lives  
                                                                                                       (in years)  
  Developed             $               73,367    $       -60,896    $               12,471                   5.9  
  technology                                                                                                       
  Customer                              14,100            -14,100                         —                   4.0  
  relationships                                                                                                    
  Tradename                             20,400             -7,966                    12,434                   9.8  
  Patents                                4,076             -1,480                     2,596                  14.0  
  Total Intangible      $              111,943    $       -84,442    $               27,501                   6.7  
  assets                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
The Company amortizes the fair value of intangible assets over their estimated useful lives in proportion to the
economic benefits received. Amortization expense related to intangible assets was approximately $ 5.5million and $
3.5million for the three months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and $ 9.0million and $ 7.2million for
the six months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The Company recorded amortization of developed
technology in Cost of revenue, platform, amortization of customer relationships and tradename in Sales and
marketing expenses, and amortization of patents in General and administrative expenses in the condensed
consolidated statements of operations for all periods presented.
As of June 30, 2025, the estimated future amortization expense for intangible assets for the next five years and
thereafter is as follows (in thousands):
                                          
  Year Ending December 31,                
  2025 (remaining 6 months)       14,289  
 ──────────────────────────────────────── 
  2026                            14,698  
  2027                            10,507  
  2028                             8,419  
  2029                             7,257  
  Thereafter                       9,326  
  Total                        $  64,496  
                                          
                                                        12                                                         
Table of Contents
6. BALANCE SHEET COMPONENTS
Accounts Receivable, net : Accounts receivable, net consisted of the following (in thousands):
                                                                               
                                                As of                          
                                        June 30, 2025       December 31, 2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Accounts receivable, gross         $        680,529    $            885,167  
  Less: Allowances                                                             
  Allowance for sales returns                   5,617                   6,427  
  Allowance for sales incentives               42,514                  63,367  
  Allowance for doubtful accounts               2,656                   1,895  
  Other allowances                              1,267                     968  
  Total allowances                             52,054                  72,657  
  Accounts receivable, net           $        628,475    $            812,510  
                                                                               
Property and Equipment, net : Property and equipment, net consisted of the following (in thousands):
                                                                                  
                                                   As of                          
                                           June 30, 2025       December 31, 2024  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Computers and equipment               $         53,417    $             51,741  
  Leasehold improvements                         286,994                 286,585  
  Internal-use software                            5,917                   5,916  
  Office equipment and furniture                  36,049                  35,691  
  Property and equipment, gross                  382,377                 379,933  
  Less: Accumulated depreciation and            -188,612                -166,243  
  amortization                                                                    
  Property and equipment, net           $        193,765    $            213,690  
                                                                                  
Depreciation and amortization expense for property and equipment assets was approximately $ 11.4million and $
12.3million for the three months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and $ 23.1million and $ 25.1million
for the six months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
During the six months ended June 30, 2024, the Company recorded impairment charges of $ 0.5million related to
property and equipment associated with the leased office facilities that are part of its restructuring efforts. See
Note 17 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional details. Impairment charges related to
property and equipment during the three and six months ended June 30, 2025 and the three months ended June 30, 2024
were notsignificant.
Accrued Liabilities : Accrued liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands):
                                                                                    
                                                     As of                          
                                             June 30, 2025       December 31, 2024  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue share payable                   $        267,465    $            267,163  
  Accrued cost of revenue                          138,242                 149,135  
  Marketing, retail, and merchandising              80,402                 112,001  
  expenses                                                                          
  Operating lease liability, current                85,379                  79,221  
  Content liability, current                        51,874                  69,710  
  Other accrued expenses                           195,235                 175,569  
  Total Accrued liabilities               $        818,597    $            852,799  
                                                                                    
                                                        13                                                         
Table of Contents
Deferred Revenue : Deferred revenue consisted of the following (in thousands):
                                                                                   
                                                    As of                          
                                            June 30, 2025       December 31, 2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Platform, current                      $         93,400    $             75,026  
  Devices, current                                 30,228                  30,692  
  Total deferred revenue, current                 123,628                 105,718  
  Platform, non-current                                 —                       —  
  Devices, non-current                             25,192                  25,050  
  Total deferred revenue, non-current              25,192                  25,050  
  Total Deferred revenue                 $        148,820    $            130,768  
                                                                                   
Other Long-term Liabilities : Other Long-term liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands):
                                                                                     
                                                      As of                          
                                              June 30, 2025       December 31, 2024  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Content liability, non-current           $          5,463    $             18,453  
  Other long-term liabilities                        19,799                  22,485  
  Contingent consideration, non-current              50,982    $                  —  
  Total Other long-term liabilities        $         76,244    $             40,938  
                                                                                     
7. CONTENT ASSETS
Content assets, net consisted of the following (in thousands):
                                                                                              
                                                       As of                                  
                                               June 30, 2025       December 31, 2024          
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Licensed content, net and advances        $        119,661    $            152,851          
  Produced content:                                                                           
  Released, less amortization                         66,712                          65,990  
  Completed, not released                             17,438                          23,267  
  In production                                        5,394                           7,565  
  Total produced content, net                         89,544                          96,822  
  Total Content assets, net and advances    $        209,205    $            249,673          
  Current portion (included in Prepaid      $         11,789    $             12,352          
  expenses and other current assets)                                                          
  Non-current portion                       $        197,416    $            237,321          
                                                                                              
Amortization of content assets is included in Cost of revenue, platform in the condensed consolidated statements of
operations and is as follows (in thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                                Three Months Ended                           Six Months Ended                      
                                     June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024          June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Licensed content           $              42,517    $         37,234    $            80,178    $         74,235  
  Produced content                          10,442              11,090                 20,825              21,980  
  Total amortization         $              52,959    $         48,324    $           101,003    $         96,215  
  costs                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
During the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, the Company wrote-off $ 11.8million of unamortized costs
related to produced content assets that were removed from the content library on The Roku Channel. This write-off
was not part of the Company’s restructuring efforts. There were nowrite-offs during the three and six months ended
June 30, 2025.
                                                        14                                                         
Table of Contents
8. STRATEGIC INVESTMENTS
Investment in Convertible Promissory Notes
In June 2022, the Company agreed to provide financing of up to $ 60.0million in the aggregate in the form of an
investment in the convertible promissory notes of a counterparty with whom the Company has a commercial
relationship. The convertible promissory notes accrue interest at 5% per annum. The Company’s investment consisted
of fourtranches: (i) Tranche 1 and Tranche 2, maturing on June 15, 2025, with a principal amount of $ 35.0million
and $ 5.0million, respectively; (ii) Tranche 3, maturing on March 23, 2026, with a principal amount of $
5.0million; and (iii) Tranche 4, maturing on May 23, 2026, with a principal amount of $ 5.0million.
In June 2025, the Company amended the investment agreement, modifying the maturity schedule for Tranche 1. As
amended, Tranche 1 is repayable as follows: $ 5.0million on June 15, 2025, and three equal installments of $
10.0million each, repayable on December 31, 2025, March 23, 2026, and May 23, 2026, respectively. The maturity
terms for Tranches 2, 3, and 4 were not modified by the amendment. Each tranche remains subject to acceleration of
repayment upon the occurrence of an event of default. The Company received repayments from the counterparty
totaling $ 10.0million plus interest, in accordance with the amended repayment schedule for Tranche 1 and for the
maturity of Tranche 2.
The convertible promissory notes contain certain redemption features that meet the definition of embedded
derivatives and require bifurcation. The Company elected to apply the fair value option and account for the hybrid
instrument containing the host contract and the embedded derivatives at fair value as a single instrument, with any
subsequent changes in fair value included in Other income, net in the condensed consolidated statements of
operations. The convertible promissory notes and are included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets on the
condensed consolidated balance sheets. See Note 9 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional
details on the fair value of the convertible promissory notes.
Investment in Preferred Stock
In September 2024, the Company invested $ 20.0million in cash in exchange for preferred stock in a privately-held
company. The Company elected to apply the measurement alternative for equity securities without readily
determinable fair values as there are no quoted market prices for the preferred stock. The investment is measured
at cost and adjusted to fair value when there is an observable price change from orderly transactions of identical
or similar investments, and assessed for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount may not be recoverable. There were no adjustments recognized in the three and six months ended June 30,
2025. As of June 30, 2025, the carrying value of the Company’s investment was $ 20.0million, and is included within
Other non-current assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheet.
9. FAIR VALUE DISCLOSURE
The Company’s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are as follows (in
thousands):
                                                                                                   
                                                As of June 30, 2025                                
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                         Fair Value         Level 1       Level 3  
  Assets:                                                                                          
  Cash and cash equivalents:                                                                       
  Cash                                       $            1,028,385    $  1,028,385    $        —  
  Money market funds                                      1,224,891       1,224,891             —  
  Other non-current assets:                                                                        
  Strategic investment - convertible                         40,624               —        40,624  
  promissory notes                                                                                 
  Total assets measured and recorded at      $            2,293,900    $  2,253,276    $   40,624  
  fair value                                                                                       
  Liabilities:                                                                                     
  Accrued liabilities:                                                                             
  Contingent consideration                   $               15,324    $          —    $   15,324  
  Other long-term liabilities:                                                                     
  Contingent consideration                                   50,982               —        50,982  
  Total liabilities measured and recorded    $               66,306    $          —    $   66,306  
  at fair value                                                                                    
                                                                                                   
                                                        15                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                     
                                              As of December 31, 2024                                
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                           Fair Value         Level 1       Level 3  
  Assets:                                                                                            
  Cash and cash equivalents:                                                                         
  Cash                                     $                  794,213    $    794,213    $        —  
  Money market funds                                        1,366,023       1,366,023             —  
  Restricted cash, current                                        403             403             —  
  Other non-current assets:                                                                          
  Strategic investment - convertible                           55,225               —        55,225  
  promissory notes                                                                                   
  Total assets measured and recorded at    $                2,215,864    $  2,160,639    $   55,225  
  fair value                                                                                         
                                                                                                     
The following table reflects the changes in the fair value of the Company’s convertible promissory notes measured
using Level 3 inputs (in thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                                Three Months Ended                           Six Months Ended                      
                                     June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024          June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Beginning balance          $              48,941    $         54,390    $            55,225    $         53,816  
  Change in estimated                        3,184               3,060                 -3,100               3,634  
  fair value                                                                                                       
  Repayment of principal                   -11,501                   —                -11,501                   —  
  and interest                                                                                                     
  Ending balance             $              40,624    $         57,450    $            40,624    $         57,450  
                                                                                                                   
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the
principal market (or most advantageous market, in the absence of a principal market) for the asset or liability in
an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Further, the Company maximizes the use
of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs in measuring fair value and utilizes a three-
level fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value.
The three levels of inputs used to measure fair value are as follows:
Level 1 —Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Financial assets and liabilities
measured using Level 1 inputs include cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, prepaid
expenses, accounts payable and accrued liabilities.
Level 2 —Observable inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1, including quoted prices for similar
assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets
that are not active; and inputs other than quoted prices that are observable or are derived principally from, or
corroborated by, observable market data by correlation or other means. The Company did not have any Level 2
instruments as of June 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
Level 3 —Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity, are significant to the fair value
of the assets or liabilities and reflect the Company’s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants
would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances.
As of June 30, 2025, the Company measured its strategic investment in convertible promissory notes using Level 3
inputs. The fair value of the strategic investment in convertible promissory notes on the date of purchase was
determined to be equal to its principal amount. The Company recorded an unrealized gain of $ 3.2million and $
3.1million in Other income, net related to the change in the fair value of the strategic investment in convertible
promissory notes during the three months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The Company recorded an
unrealized loss of $ 3.1million and an unrealized gain of $ 3.6million in Other income, net related to the change
in the fair value of the strategic investment in convertible promissory notes during the six months ended June 30,
2025 and 2024, respectively.
The Company classified the strategic investment in convertible promissory notes as Level 3 due to the lack of
relevant observable market data over fair value inputs. The fair value of the strategic investment in convertible
promissory notes was estimated using a scenario-based probability weighted discounted cash flow model. Significant
assumptions include the discount rate, and the timing and probability weighting of the various redemption scenarios
that impact the settlement of the strategic investment in convertible promissory notes.
The contingent consideration is related to the Company’s acquisition of Frndly in May 2025 (refer to Note 4). As of
the Acquisition Date, the Company measured its contingent consideration using Level 3 inputs. The fair value of the
contingent consideration on the acquisition date was determined to be $ 65.8million. The contingent consideration
will be subsequently remeasured to fair value at each reporting date until the contingency is resolved, with any
changes in
                                                        16                                                         
Table of Contents
fair value included in General and administrative expenses in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.
The Company recorded an expense of $ 0.5million in General and administrative expenses related to the change in the
fair value of the contingent consideration from the Acquisition Date to June 30, 2025.

The Company classified the contingent consideration as Level 3 due to the lack of relevant observable market data
over fair value inputs. The fair value of the contingent consideration was estimated using a probability weighted
discounted cash flow model. Significant assumptions include the probability of achieving certain performance
metrics and milestones and the discount rate. The estimated fair value is based upon assumptions believed to be
reasonable but which are uncertain and involve significant judgment by management. Favorable or unfavorable changes
in expectations of achieving the performance metrics and milestones would result in corresponding increases or
decreases in the fair value measurement, while increases or decreases in discount rates would have inverse impacts
on the fair value measurement.

Assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis

Non-financial assets such as goodwill, intangible assets, property and equipment, operating lease right-of-use
assets, and content assets are evaluated for impairment and adjusted to fair value using Level 3 inputs, only when
impairment is recognized.

The Company measured the intangible assets acquired from the Frndly acquisition at fair value using Level 3 inputs.
The fair value of the customer relationships has been estimated using the multi-period-excess-earnings method. The
key valuation assumptions include the Company’s estimates of customer attrition rates, expected future revenue,
profit margins, and discount rate. The fair value of the tradename has been estimated using the relief-from-royalty
method. The key valuation assumptions include the Company’s estimates of expected future revenue, royalty rate, and
discount rate.

During the three months ended June 30, 2024, the Company recorded impairment charges of $ 10.7million related to
operating lease right-of-use assets associated with the leased office facilities that are part of its restructuring
efforts. There were noimpairment charges related to operating lease right-of-use assets during the three months
ended June 30, 2025. During the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Company recorded impairment charges of $
2.9million related to operating lease right-of-use assets associated with the leased office facilities that are
part of its restructuring efforts, and during the six months ended June 30, 2024, the Company recorded impairment
charges of $ 11.2million related to operating lease right-of-use assets and $ 0.5million related to property and
equipment, both associated with the leased office facilities that are part of its restructuring efforts. See Note
17 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional details.
10. LEASES
The Company has entered into operating leases primarily for office real estate. The leases have remaining terms
ranging from less than one yearto eight yearsand may include options to extend or terminate the lease. The
depreciable life of operating lease right-of-use assets is limited by the expected lease term.
The components of lease expense are as follows (in thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                                Three Months Ended                           Six Months Ended                      
                                     June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024          June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Operating lease expense    $              18,423    $         18,247    $            36,220    $         36,380  
  Variable lease expense                     5,996               5,231                 12,082              10,753  
  Sublease income                           -5,988              -1,975                -11,102              -2,885  
  Total operating lease      $              18,431    $         21,503    $            37,200    $         44,248  
  expense                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                        17                                                         
Table of Contents
Supplemental cash flow information related to leases is as follows (in thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                                Three Months Ended                           Six Months Ended                      
                                     June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024          June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash paid for amounts                                                                                            
  included in the                                                                                                  
  measurement of lease                                                                                             
  liabilities:                                                                                                     
  Operating cash outflows                                                                                          
  from operating             $              25,599    $         22,466    $            50,287    $         43,722  
  leases                                                                                                           
  Right-of-use assets                                                                                              
  obtained in exchange                                                                                             
  for lease obligations:                                                                                           
  Operating leases           $               5,614    $          2,885    $             7,874    $          2,885  
  Decrease in operating                                                                                            
  lease right-of-use                                                                                               
  assets due to              $                   —    $         10,656    $             2,870    $         11,232  
  impairment (See Note 17                                                                                          
  for details)                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases is as follows (in thousands, except lease term and
discount rate):
                                                                                                    
                                                       As of                                        
                                               June 30, 2025            December 31, 2024           
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Operating lease right-of-use assets       $        285,516         $                     304,505  
  Operating lease liability, current                  85,379                                79,221  
  (included in Accrued liabilities)                                                                 
  Operating lease liability, non-current             481,779                               512,706  
  Total operating lease liability           $        567,158         $                     591,927  
  Weighted-average remaining term for                         6.5                              7.0  
  operating leases (in years)                                                                       
  Weighted-average discount rate for                    3.99    %                    3.98        %  
  operating leases                                                                                  
                                                                                                    
Future lease payments under operating leases as of June 30, 2025 are as follows (in thousands):
                                                                         
  Year Ending December 31,                          Operating Leases(2)  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  2025 (remaining 6 months)                      $               53,456  
  2026                                                          106,999  
  2027                                                          103,872  
  2028                                                          100,698  
  2029                                                           97,078  
  Thereafter                                                    186,828  
  Total future lease payments                                   648,931  
  Less: imputed interest                                        -78,514  
  Less: expected tenant improvement allowance                    -3,259  
  Total(1)                                       $              567,158  
                                                                         
(1 ) Total lease liabilities include liabilities related to operating lease right-of-use assets which were included
in the impairment charges as part of the Company’s restructuring efforts. See Note 17 for additional details.
(2) Non-cancelable sublease proceeds for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2025 (remaining six months), 2026,
2027, 2028, and 2029 of $ 9.1million, $ 18.6million, $ 18.8million, $ 18.8million, and $ 12.0million, respectively,
are not included in the table above.

As of June 30, 2025, the Company had nocommitments relating to operating leases that have not yet commenced.
                                                        18                                                         
Table of Contents
11. DEBT
On September 16, 2024, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement, by and among the Company, as borrower, certain
of the Company’s subsidiaries, as guarantors, the lenders and issuing banks party thereto, and with Citibank N.A.,
as administrative agent (the “Credit Agreement”), which provides for (i) a five-yearrevolving credit facility in an
aggregate principal amount of up to $ 300.0million, and (ii) an uncommitted increase option of up to an additional
$ 300.0million exercisable upon the satisfaction of certain customary conditions. The Credit Agreement provides for
a $ 100.0million sub-facility for the issuance of letters of credit, and certain existing letters of credit were
deemed outstanding under this facility. The Credit Agreement will mature on September 16, 2029. Proceeds from the
Credit Agreement may be used for general corporate purposes, including to finance working capital requirements.
The Company’s obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by substantially all the assets of the Company and
its subsidiaries that are guarantors under the Credit Agreement. The Company may prepay, and in certain
circumstances would be required to prepay, loans under the Credit Agreement without payment of a premium. The
Credit Agreement also contains customary representations and warranties, customary affirmative and negative
covenants, financial covenants requiring the maintenance of a minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum total
net leverage ratio, as well as customary events of default, the occurrence of which could result in amounts
borrowed under the Credit Agreement becoming due and payable and remaining commitments terminated prior to its
scheduled September 16, 2029 termination date.
Debt issuance costs incurred in connection with the Company’s Credit Agreement, which are recorded in Prepaid
expenses and other current assets and Other non-current assets, are amortized over the five-yearterm and recognized
as a component of interest expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.
The Company had outstanding letters of credit secured by the Credit Agreement of $ 39.5million as of June 30, 2025.
As of June 30, 2025, the Company had not borrowed against the Credit Agreement, and the Company was in compliance
with all of the covenants of the Credit Agreement.
12. STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Preferred Stock
The Company has 10million shares of undesignated preferred stock authorized but not issued with rights and
preferences determined by the Company’s Board of Directors at the time of issuance of such shares. As of June 30,
2025 and December 31, 2024, there were noshares of preferred stock issued and outstanding.
Common Stock
The Company has twoclasses of authorized common stock, Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Holders of
Class A common stock are entitled to onevote for each share of Class A common stock held on all matters submitted
to a vote of stockholders and holders of Class B common stock are entitled to tenvotes for each share of Class B
common stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Except with respect to voting, the rights of
the holders of Class A and Class B common stock are identical. Shares of Class B common stock are voluntarily
convertible into shares of Class A common stock at the option of the holder and are generally automatically
converted into shares of the Company’s Class A common stock upon sale or transfer. Shares issued in connection with
exercises of stock options or vesting of restricted stock units are generally automatically converted into shares
of the Company’s Class A common stock.
Common Stock Reserved for Issuance
As of June 30, 2025, the Company’s common stock reserved for issuance in the future is as follows (in thousands):
                                                                       
                                                                As of  
                                                        June 30, 2025  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Common stock awards granted under equity incentive           11,737  
  plans                                                                
  Common stock awards available for issuance under              5,089  
  the 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan*                               
  Common stock awards available for issuance under                     
  the 2017 Amended and Restated Equity Incentive               40,787  
  Plan                                                                 
  Total reserved shares of common stock                        57,613  
                                                                       
* The Company has not issued any common stock pursuant to the 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
                                                        19                                                         
Table of Contents
Equity Incentive Plans

The Company currently grants equity awards under the Amended and Restated 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2017
Plan”). The 2017 Plan became effective September 2017 in connection with the Company’s initial public offering
(“IPO”). The 2017 Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options to the Company’s employees and for the
grant of non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit
awards, performance stock awards, performance cash awards, and other forms of equity compensation to the Company’s
employees, directors and consultants. The outstanding equity relates to the 2017 Plan and the 2008 Equity Incentive
Plan (“2008 Plan”), a pre-IPO plan. No additional equity grants have been made pursuant to the 2008 Plan subsequent
to the IPO.

The equity awards granted under the 2017 Plan vest subject to continuous service. Stock options granted under the
2017 Plan generally are granted at a price per share equivalent to the fair market value on the date of grant.
Recipients of incentive stock option grants who possess more than 10% of the combined voting power of the Company
are subject to certain limitations, and incentive stock options granted to such recipients are at a price no less
than 110% of the fair market value at the date of grant.

Restricted Stock Units
Restricted stock unit activity for the six months ended June 30, 2025 is as follows (in thousands, except per share
data):
                                                                       
                                                     Weighted-Average  
                                     Number of        Grant Date Fair  
                                        Shares        Value per Share  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance as of December 31, 2024        8,657    $             74.80  
  Awarded                                  389                  74.32  
  Released                              -2,136                  92.44  
  Forfeited                               -710                  73.06  
  Balance as of June 30, 2025            6,200    $             68.89  
                                                                       
As of June 30, 2025, the Company had $ 341.8million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to
unvested restricted stock units that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately
1.6years.

Stock Options
Stock option activity for the six months ended June 30, 2025 is as follows (in thousands, except per share data and
years):
                                                                                                             
                                                                          Weighted-                          
                                                             Weighted-    Average                            
                                                               Average    Remaining               Aggregate  
                                             Number of        Exercise    Contractual             Intrinsic  
                                                Shares           Price    Life (Years)                Value  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance as of December 31, 2024                5,759    $      75.24                  6.6                  
  Granted                                           50           76.18    —                                  
  Exercised                                       -215           13.67    —                                  
  Forfeited and expired                            -57           75.18    —                                  
  Balance as of June 30, 2025                    5,537    $      77.53                  6.3    $    147,998  
  Options exercisable as of June 30, 2025        4,303    $      81.22                  5.7    $    113,971  
                                                                                                             
As of June 30, 2025, the Company had $ 38.2million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to
unvested stock options that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately 1.6years.

Stock-based Compensation
The Company measures the cost of employee services received in exchange for an equity award based on the grant date
fair value of the award. Stock options granted to employees generally vest over oneto four yearsand have a term of
ten years. Restricted stock units generally vest over oneto four years.
                                                        20                                                         
Table of Contents
The following table presents the total stock-based compensation expense for the three and six months ended June 30,
2025 and 2024 (in thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                                Three Months Ended                           Six Months Ended                      
                                     June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024          June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of revenue,           $                 341    $            282    $               725    $            696  
  platform                                                                                                         
  Cost of revenue,                              38                 139                    108               1,038  
  devices                                                                                                          
  Research and                              32,961              33,365                 68,819              70,955  
  development                                                                                                      
  Sales and marketing                       30,486              31,431                 65,272              63,952  
  General and                               20,814              23,179                 45,210              46,387  
  administrative                                                                                                   
  Total stock-based          $              84,640    $         88,396    $           180,134    $        183,028  
  compensation                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
13. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Purchase Commitments
The Company has purchase commitments with various parties to purchase products and services such as licensed
intellectual property and content, manufacturing supplier agreements, and data center capacity and other goods and
services.
The following table presents details of the aggregate future purchase commitments as of June 30, 2025 (in
thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                                 Years Ended                                                                       
                                    December                                                                       
                                         31,                                                                       
                                   Remaining                                                                       
                     Total              2025          2026         2027         2028        2029       Thereafter  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Content       $  188,517    $       78,647    $   69,865    $  22,577    $  11,910    $  3,373    $       2,145  
  Manufactu…       170,396           170,396             —            —            —           —                —  
  Other            146,888            68,498        73,071        5,319            —           —                —  
  obligatio…                                                                                                       
  Total         $  505,801    $      317,541    $  142,936    $  27,896    $  11,910    $  3,373    $       2,145  
  commitmen…                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Contingencies
The Company accounts for loss contingencies, including liabilities for intellectual property licensing and other
claims, when it believes such losses are probable and reasonably estimable. These contingencies are reviewed at
least quarterly and adjusted to reflect the impact of negotiations, estimated settlements, legal rulings, advice of
legal counsel, and other information and events. The resolution of these contingencies and of other legal
proceedings can be, however, inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties.
The Company is, and may become, subject to various lawsuits, stockholder derivative actions, class action lawsuits,
individual or mass arbitration proceedings, and other types of legal proceedings, as well as other disputes,
claims, and regulatory or governmental inquiries and investigations in the ordinary course of business, relating to
commercial, contract, consumer protection, privacy, data protection, intellectual property, tax, employment,
corporate governance, and other matters. Although the results of these legal proceedings, disputes, claims, and
inquiries and investigations cannot be predicted with certainty, the Company does not believe that the final
outcome of any matters that it is currently involved in is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on
its business, financial condition, or results of operations. Regardless of the outcome, such legal proceedings,
disputes, claims, and inquiries and investigations can have an adverse impact on the Company because of legal fees,
other litigation costs, and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, reputational harm, and other
factors. During the three and six months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, the Company did not have any loss
contingencies that were material.
Indemnification
In the ordinary course of business, the Company has entered into contractual arrangements which provide
indemnification provisions of varying scope and terms to business partners and other parties with respect to
certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of the Company’s breach of such agreements and
out of intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties. The Company’s obligations under these
agreements may be limited in terms of time or amount, and in some instances, the Company may have recourse against
third parties for certain payments. In addition, the Company has entered into indemnification agreements with its
directors and certain of its officers that will require it, among other things, to indemnify them against certain
liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers.
                                                        21                                                         
Table of Contents
It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount under these indemnification obligations due to the
limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each agreement.
To date, the Company has not incurred any material costs as a result of such obligations and has not accrued any
liabilities related to such obligations in the condensed consolidated financial statements.
14. INCOME TAXES
Income tax benefit was $ 5.8million and $ 9.2million for the three months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024,
respectively. Income tax benefit was $ 18.9million and $ 4.4million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 and
2024, respectively.
The decrease in income tax benefit for the three months ended June 30, 2025 as compared to three months ended June
30, 2024 is primarily due to the differences in tax benefit from the release of jurisdictional valuation allowances
in each period.
The increase in income tax benefit for the six months ended June 30, 2025 as compared to the six months ended June
30, 2024 is primarily due to U.S. current income tax benefit expected to be realized during the year from year-to-
date losses and the differences in tax benefit from the release of jurisdictional valuation allowances in each
period.
A valuation allowance must be established for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that they will
not be realized. As of June 30, 2025, the Company analyzed all available objective evidence, both positive and
negative, and believes it is more-likely-than-not that some deferred tax assets will not be realizable.
Accordingly, the Company continues to provide a valuation allowance against its U.S. deferred tax assets.
15. NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE
The Company’s basic net income (loss) per share is calculated by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted-
average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period. The Company uses the two-class method to
calculate net income (loss) per share. Except with respect to certain voting, conversion, and transfer rights and
as otherwise expressly provided in the Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation or required by
applicable law, shares of the Company’s Class A common stock and Class B common stock have the same rights and
privileges and rank equally, share ratably, and are identical in all respects as to all matters. Accordingly, basic
and diluted net income (loss) per share are the same for both classes.
For purposes of the calculation of diluted net income (loss) per share, options to purchase common stock and
restricted stock units are considered common stock equivalents. Dilutive shares of common stock are determined by
applying the treasury stock method. The dilutive shares are excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per
share in the period of net loss, as their effect is antidilutive.
The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per share (in thousands, except
per share data):
                                                                                                                   
                      Three                                                Six                                     
                     Months                                             Months                                     
                      Ended                                              Ended                                     
                   June 30,                  June 30,                 June 30,                  June 30,           
                       2025                      2024                     2025                      2024           
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Numerato…                                                                                                        
  Net                                                                                                              
  income       $     10,503             $     -33,953             $    -16,928             $     -84,808           
  (loss)                                                                                                           
  Denomina…                                                                                                        
  Weighted…                                                                                                        
  common                                                                                                           
  shares                     146,888                   144,339                  146,545                   144,045  
  outstand…                                                                                                        
  — basic                                                                                                          
  Dilutive                                                                                                         
  effect of                                                                                                        
  common              2,787                         —                        —                         —           
  stock                                                                                                            
  equivale…                                                                                                        
  Weighted…                                                                                                        
  common                                                                                                           
  shares                     149,675                   144,339                  146,545                   144,045  
  outstand…                                                                                                        
  — diluted                                                                                                        
  Net                                                                                                              
  income                                                                                                           
  (loss)                                                                                                           
  per share    $       0.07             $       -0.24             $      -0.12             $       -0.59           
  — basic                                                                                                          
  and                                                                                                              
  diluted                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
Common stock equivalents (comprised of stock options and restricted stock units) excluded from the calculation of
diluted net income (loss) per share because of their anti-dilutive effect were 3.8million shares and 11.7million
shares for the three and six months ended June 30, 2025, respectively, and 12.1million shares for each of the three
and six months ended June 30, 2024.
                                                        22                                                         
Table of Contents
16. SEGMENT INFORMATION
An operating segment is defined as a component of an entity for which discrete financial information is available
that is evaluated regularly by the Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) for purposes of allocating resources and
evaluating financial performance. The CODM evaluates performance and makes decisions about allocating resources to
its operating segments based on financial information presented on a consolidated basis and on gross profit for
each operating segment. For both the Platform and Devices reportable segments, Cost of revenue is the significant
segment expense that is regularly provided to the CODM.
While not considered significant segment expenses, the Company has separately disclosed content amortization (refer
to Note 7) and stock-based compensation expense (refer to Note 12) charged to Cost of revenue, platform. The
Company disclosed charges related to the inventory provision and inventory losses on purchase commitments (refer to
Note 2) and stock-based compensation expense (refer to Note 12) included within Cost of revenue, devices.
The Company reports its financial results consistent with the manner in which financial information is viewed by
management for decision-making purposes. The Company does not manage operating expenses such as research and
development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses at the segment level. The Company does
not allocate property and equipment or any other assets or capital expenditures to reportable segments.
Descriptions of the Company’s tworeportable segments are as follows:
Platform
Platform revenue is generated from the sale of digital advertising (including direct and programmatic video
advertising, ads integrated into the Company’s user interface, and related services), as well as streaming services
distribution (including subscription and transaction revenue shares, the sale of Premium Subscriptions, and the
sale of branded app buttons on remote controls).
Devices
Devices revenue is generated from the sale of streaming players, Roku-branded TVs, smart home products and
services, audio products, and related accessories.
Customers accounting for 10% or more of segment revenue, net, were as follows:
                                                                                                                   
                             Three Months Ended                           Six Months Ended                         
                                  June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024          June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Platform segment                                                                                                 
  revenue:                                                                                                         
  Customer J                                 13  %               10  %                  13  %                   *  
  Devices segment                                                                                                  
  revenue:                                                                                                         
  Customer A                                 18  %               19  %                  18  %               21  %  
  Customer B                                 30  %               28  %                  29  %               23  %  
  Customer C                                 26  %               29  %                  27  %               29  %  
  Customer K                                     *                   *                  12  %                   *  
                                                                                                                   
* Less than 10%
Revenue by geography is determined based on the location where the Company’s products and services are delivered.
Revenue in international markets was less than 10% in each of the periods presented.
Long-lived assets, net
The following table presents long-lived assets, net, which consist primarily of property and equipment and
operating lease right-of-use assets, by geographic area (in thousands):
                                                                        
                        As of  June 30, 2025         December 31, 2024  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  United States      $               371,200    $              401,464  
  United Kingdom                      82,611                    92,110  
  Other countries                     25,470                    24,621  
  Total              $               479,281    $              518,195  
                                                                        
                                                        23                                                         
Table of Contents
17. RESTRUCTURING CHARGES
The Company began efforts to reduce its operating expense growth rate due to economic conditions in the fourth
quarter of fiscal 2022. During fiscal 2023, the Company implemented additional measures, including consolidating
its office space utilization, performing a strategic review of its content portfolio, reducing outside services
expenses, and slowing its year-over-year headcount expense growth rate through a workforce reduction and limiting
new hires, among other measures.
During the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Company recorded restructuring charges associated with decisions to
sub-lease and cease the use of certain office facilities, and there were no restructuring charges recorded during
the three months ended June 30, 2025. During the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, the Company recorded
restructuring charges associated with employee termination expenses consisting primarily of severance payments,
employee benefits contributions, payroll taxes and related costs, and impairment charges related to decisions to
sub-lease and cease the use of certain office facilities and related property and equipment.
Restructuring charges are recorded as follows (in thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                 Three                                          Three                                              
                 Months                                        Months                                              
                 Ended                                          Ended                                              
                 June 30,                                    June 30,                                              
                 2025                                            2024                                              
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                 Faciliti…       Asset                       Employee       Faciliti…          Asset               
                 Exit            Impairme…       Total       Termina…            Exit       Impairm…        Total  
                 Costs           Charges                                        Costs        Charges               
  Cost of                                                                                                          
  revenue,    $  —            $  —            $  —        $         7    $          —    $         —    $       7  
  platform                                                                                                         
  Cost of                                                                                                          
  revenue,       —               —               —                  —               —              —            —  
  devices                                                                                                          
  Research                                                                                                         
  and            —               —               —                -15               9            282          276  
  develop…                                                                                                         
  Sales                                                                                                            
  and            —               —               —                 11               —          8,197        8,208  
  marketi…                                                                                                         
  General                                                                                                          
  and            —               —               —                 14               1          2,176        2,191  
  adminis…                                                                                                         
  Total                                                                                                            
  restruc…    $  —            $  —            $  —        $        17    $         10    $    10,655    $  10,682  
  charges                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                       Six                                        Six                                              
                    Months                                     Months                                              
                     Ended                                      Ended                                              
                  June 30,                                   June 30,                                              
                      2025                                       2024                                              
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                 Faciliti…           Asset                   Employee       Faciliti…          Asset               
                      Exit       Impairme…       Total       Termina…            Exit       Impairm…        Total  
                     Costs         Charges                                      Costs        Charges               
  Cost of                                                                                                          
  revenue,    $          —    $          —    $      —    $        -3    $          —    $         —    $      -3  
  platform                                                                                                         
  Cost of                                                                                                          
  revenue,               —               —           —              1               —              5            6  
  devices                                                                                                          
  Research                                                                                                         
  and                  194           2,133       2,327            368              46            815        1,229  
  develop…                                                                                                         
  Sales                                                                                                            
  and                    —             175         175            697               2          8,370        9,069  
  marketi…                                                                                                         
  General                                                                                                          
  and                    —             562         562           -116             -23          2,316        2,177  
  adminis…                                                                                                         
  Total                                                                                                            
  restruc…    $        194    $      2,870    $  3,064    $       947    $         25    $    11,506    $  12,478  
  charges                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
The asset impairment charges for the six months ended June 30, 2025 are primarily comprised of $ 2.9million of
operating lease right-of-use assets impairment. The asset impairment charges for the three months ended June 30,
2024 are primarily comprised of $ 10.7million of operating lease right-of-use assets impairment. The asset
impairment charges for the six months ended June 30, 2024 include $ 11.2million of operating lease right-of-use
assets impairment and $ 0.5million of property and equipment impairment, partially offset by $ 0.3million of
adjustments to other long-term liabilities and assets.
A reconciliation of the beginning and ending balance of employee termination restructuring charges and facilities
exit costs, which are included in Accrued liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets, is as follows
(in thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                                                                            Three                                  
                    Three Months                                           Months                                  
                    Ended                                                   Ended                                  
                    June 30,                                             June 30,                                  
                    2025                                                     2024                                  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                    Employee             Facilities       Total          Employee         Facilities        Total  
                    Terminations         Exit Costs                   Terminatio…         Exit Costs               
  Beginning      $  —               $         1,317    $  1,317    $        2,343    $           904    $   3,247  
  balance                                                                                                          
  Restructur…                                                                                                      
  charges           —                             —           —                17                 10           27  
  incurred                                                                                                         
  Payments          —                           -91         -91            -2,179                -75       -2,254  
  made                                                                                                             
  Ending         $  —               $         1,226    $  1,226    $          181    $           839    $   1,020  
  balance                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                        24                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                    Six Months                                        Six Months                                   
                    Ended                                                  Ended                                   
                    June 30,                                            June 30,                                   
                    2025                                                    2024                                   
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                    Employee            Facilities       Total          Employee         Facilities         Total  
                    Terminatio…         Exit Costs                   Terminatio…         Exit Costs                
  Beginning      $  —              $         1,381    $  1,381    $       12,661    $         1,198    $   13,859  
  balance                                                                                                          
  Restructur…                                                                                                      
  charges           —                          194         194               947                 25           972  
  incurred                                                                                                         
  Payments          —                         -349        -349           -13,427               -384       -13,811  
  made                                                                                                             
  Ending         $  —              $         1,226    $  1,226    $          181    $           839    $    1,020  
  balance                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
18. SUBSEQUENT EVENT
On July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act, which includes a broad range of tax reform provisions, including
the extension of key provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, was signed into law in the United States. The
Company is evaluating the potential impact of this new legislation.
                                                        25                                                         
Table of Contents
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations                  │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in
conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this
Quarterly Report and with our audited consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report for the year
ended December 31, 2024, filed on February 14, 2025 with the SEC.
                                                                                                                   
   Overview                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
Our two reportable segments are the platform segment and the devices segment. Platform revenue is generated from
the sale of digital advertising (including direct and programmatic video advertising, ads integrated into our user
interface (“UI”), and related services) and streaming services distribution (including subscription and transaction
revenue shares, the sale of Premium Subscriptions, and the sale of branded app buttons on remote controls).

Devices revenue is generated from the sale of streaming players, Roku-branded TVs, smart home products and
services, audio products, and related accessories. We expect to continue to manage the average selling prices of
Roku streaming devices in an effort to sell more devices, which we believe will increase our Streaming Households.
We expect that this trade off from devices gross profit or loss to grow Streaming Households should result in
increased platform revenue and platform gross profit over time.
                                                                                                                   
   Business Conditions and Macroeconomic Factors                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
Our business is subject to risks related to the evolving macroeconomic environment, including the effects of
increased volatility in financial markets, higher inflation and interest rates, potential economic slowdown or
recession, geopolitical developments, changes in economic or government policies, including the unknown impact of
tariffs, changing global regulations, and the overall uncertainty surrounding international trade relations. While
we intend to remain vigilant in monitoring the impacts of these circumstances on our business and adapt
accordingly, the effects of these macroeconomic factors on our business, results of operations, and financial
condition remain largely uncertain; however, for the full year 2025, we expect our devices revenue and gross margin
to be slightly down, mostly due to tariffs. See Item 1A, Risk Factors, and the Note Regarding Forward Looking
Statements elsewhere in this Quarterly Report for additional details.
                                                                                                                   
  Key Performance Metrics and Non-GAAP Measures                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
Since our IPO in 2017, the streaming TV industry has evolved meaningfully, with Americans now spending
significantly more TV time streaming than watching cable. Our business has also grown and evolved, and we are now
primarily focused on growing Platform revenue and profitability. As a result, and as previously disclosed, starting
in the first quarter of 2025, we have updated our Key Performance Metrics (“KPMs”) to better align with these
priorities.

The key performance metrics we use to evaluate our business, measure our performance, develop financial forecasts
and make strategic decisions are Streaming Hours, Platform Revenue, Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes,
Depreciation and Amortization (“Adjusted EBITDA”), and Free Cash Flow.
                                                                                                                   
  Streaming Hours                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
We believe the number of Streaming Hours on our platform is an effective measure of user engagement and that the
growth in the number of hours of content streamed across our platform reflects our success in addressing the
growing user demand for TV streaming. We define Streaming Hours as the aggregate amount of time Roku streaming
devices stream content on our platform in a given period. Hours streamed from The Roku Channel on non-Roku
platforms are not included in this metric. Additionally, smart home products do not contribute to our Streaming
Hours.

Additionally, we believe that over time, increasing user engagement on our streaming platform increases our
platform monetization because we earn platform revenue from various forms of user engagement, including
advertising, as well as revenue shares from subscriptions and transactional video on-demand. However, our revenue
from content partners is not tied to the hours streamed on their streaming apps, and the number of Streaming Hours
does not correlate to revenue earned from such content partners or ARPU on a period-by-period basis. Moreover,
Streaming Hours on our platform are measured whenever a Roku streaming device is streaming content, whether a
viewer is actively watching or not. For example, if a Roku player is connected to a TV, and the viewer turns off
the TV, steps away, or falls asleep and does not stop or pause the player, then the particular streaming app may
continue to play content for a period of time determined by the streaming app. We believe that this also occurs
across a wide variety of non-Roku streaming devices and other set-top boxes.

Since 2020, all of our Roku streaming devices include a Roku TV OS feature that is designed to identify when
content has been continuously streaming on an app for an extended period of time without user interaction. This
feature, which we refer to as “Are you still watching,” periodically prompts the user to confirm that they are
still watching the selected app and closes the app if the user does not respond affirmatively. We believe that the
implementation of this feature across the Roku platform benefits us, our customers, content partners, and
advertisers. Some of our leading content partners, including Netflix, also have implemented similar features within
their apps. This Roku TV OS feature supplements these app features. This feature has not had and is not expected to
have a material impact on our financial performance.
                                                        26                                                         
Table of Contents
We streamed 35.4 billion and 30.1 billion hours during the three months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively,
reflecting an increase of 17%.
                                                                                                                   
  Platform Revenue                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
We use Platform revenue as a primary metric to measure the performance of our business because it represents our
ability to successfully monetize our platform. Platform revenue growth is one of our strategic priorities. Platform
revenue was $975.5 million and $824.3 million for the three months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
                                                                                                                   
  Adjusted EBITDA (Non-GAAP Measure)                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
We use Adjusted EBITDA as a primary metric to measure the performance of our business because it represents our
ability to successfully manage profitability. Our goal is to grow Adjusted EBITDA over time, driving continued
growth in stockholder value.

Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure. The Adjusted EBITDA reconciliation excludes total other income,
net, stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization, restructuring charges, and income tax benefit
from the net income (loss) of the period. We believe Adjusted EBITDA is useful as a supplement in evaluating our
ongoing operational performance and enhancing an overall understanding of our past financial performance. However,
this non-GAAP financial measure has limitations, and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for
our GAAP financial information, such as GAAP net income (loss). In addition, Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable
to similarly titled metrics of other companies due to differences in methods of calculation.

The following table presents a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to the most directly comparable GAAP financial
measure for each of the periods indicated (in thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                                Three Months Ended                           Six Months Ended                      
                                     June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024          June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net income (loss)          $              10,503    $        -33,953    $           -16,928    $        -84,808  
  Total other income, net                  -28,006             -28,129                -45,222             -54,075  
  Stock-based                               84,640              88,396                180,134             183,028  
  compensation                                                                                                     
  Depreciation and                          16,881              15,807                 32,073              32,280  
  amortization                                                                                                     
  Restructuring                                  —              10,682                  3,064              12,478  
  charges(1)                                                                                                       
  Income tax benefit                        -5,830              -9,161                -18,913              -4,396  
  Adjusted EBITDA            $              78,188    $         43,642    $           134,208    $         84,507  
                                                                                                                   
(1) The restructuring charges for the three months ended June 30, 2025 were not significant, and the restructuring
charges for the six months ended June 30, 2025 primarily include asset impairment charges of $2.9 million and
facilities exit costs of $0.2 million. Restructuring charges for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024
primarily include asset impairment charges of $10.7 million and $11.5 million, respectively.
                                                                                                                   
  Free Cash Flow (Non-GAAP Measure)                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
We use Free Cash Flow as a primary metric to measure the performance of our business because we believe maximizing
Free Cash Flow helps indicate the financial strength of our business, as well as provide an indication of cash
generated or (used) by the business. Our goal is to continuously increase Free Cash Flow over time. We define Free
Cash Flow as our trailing 12-month (“TTM”) cash flows from operating activities excluding purchases of property and
equipment and the effects of exchange rates on cash.

Our Free Cash Flow was $392.0 million and $317.9 million for the TTM periods ended June 30, 2025 and 2024,
respectively.

Free Cash Flow is a non-GAAP financial measure. The Free Cash Flow reconciliation excludes purchases of property
and equipment and effects of exchange rates on cash from the cash flows from operating activities, in each case
where applicable. We believe Free Cash Flow is useful as a supplement in evaluating our ongoing operational
performance and enhancing an overall understanding of our past financial performance. However, this non-GAAP
financial measure has limitations, and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for our GAAP
financial information, such as GAAP cash flows from operating activities. For additional information about cash
flows from operating activities, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources” below. In addition, Free Cash Flow may not
be comparable to similarly titled metrics of other companies due to differences in methods of calculation.
                                                        27                                                         
Table of Contents
The following table presents a reconciliation of Free Cash Flow to the most directly comparable GAAP financial
measure for each of the periods indicated (in thousands):
                                                                                                   
                                                 Trailing Twelve Months Ended                      
                                                                June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net cash provided by operating              $                       396,421    $        332,304  
  activities                                                                                       
  Less: Purchases of property and                                      -6,567             -11,850  
  equipment                                                                                        
  Add/(Less):                                                                                      
  Effect of exchange rate changes on cash,                              2,133              -2,537  
  cash equivalents and restricted cash                                                             
  Free cash flow (TTM)                        $                       391,987    $        317,917  
                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
   Components of Results of Operations                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Revenue                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Platform Revenue                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
We generate platform revenue from the sale of digital advertising (including direct and programmatic video
advertising, ads integrated into our UI, and related services), as well as streaming services distribution
(including subscription and transaction revenue shares, the sale of Premium Subscriptions, and the sale of branded
app buttons on remote controls). Our ad inventory includes video ad inventory from AVOD content in The Roku
Channel, native display ads throughout the Roku Experience, as well as ad inventory we obtain through our streaming
services distribution agreements with our content partners. To supplement supply, we purchase advertising inventory
from our content partners, on an as needed basis. To date, we have generated most of our platform revenue in the
United States.
                                                                                                                   
  Devices Revenue                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
We generate devices revenue from the sale of streaming players, Roku-branded TVs, smart home products and services,
audio products, and related accessories. We generate most of our devices revenue in the United States. In our
international markets, we primarily sell our devices through wholesale distributors which, in turn, sell to
retailers.
                                                                                                                   
  Cost of Revenue                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Cost of Revenue, Platform                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
Cost of revenue, platform primarily consists of costs associated with acquiring advertising inventory, content
amortization costs for both licensed and produced content, costs for licensed premium subscriptions, and revenue
share payments on licensed content. Cost of revenue, platform also includes other costs such as payment processing
fees, allocated expenses associated with the delivery of our services that primarily include costs of third-party
cloud services and salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation for our platform operations personnel, and
amortization of acquired developed technology.
                                                                                                                   
  Cost of Revenue, Devices                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
Cost of revenue, devices is comprised mostly of manufacturing costs payable to third-party manufacturers for
devices we sell which include streaming players, Roku-branded TVs, audio products and smart home products. Cost of
revenue, devices also includes technology licenses or royalty fees on devices we sell, inbound and outbound
freight, duty and logistics costs, third-party packaging, inventory provisions, and allocated overhead costs
related to facilities, third-party cloud services, and salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation for
operations personnel.
                                                                                                                   
  Operating and Other Expenses                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Research and Development                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
Research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation for our
development teams as well as outsourced development expenses. In addition, research and development expenses
include allocated facilities and overhead expenses.
                                                                                                                   
  Sales and Marketing                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of salaries, benefits, commissions, and stock-based compensation for
our employees engaged in sales and sales support, marketing, communications, data science and analytics, business
development, product management, and partner support functions. Sales and marketing expenses also include
marketing, retail and merchandising expenses, consulting and outside services, and allocated facilities and
overhead expenses.
                                                                                                                   
  General and Administrative                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation for our
finance, legal, information technology, human resources, and other administrative personnel. General and
administrative
                                                        28                                                         
Table of Contents
expenses also include outside legal, accounting, and other professional service fees as well as allocated
facilities and overhead expenses.
                                                                                                                   
  Other Income, Net                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
Other income, net primarily consists of interest income on cash and cash equivalents, foreign currency
remeasurement, transaction gains and losses, and net change in the fair value of our strategic investments.
                                                                                                                   
  Income Tax Expense (Benefit)                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Our income tax expense (benefit) consists primarily of income tax expense (benefit) in certain foreign
jurisdictions where we conduct business and income tax expense (benefit) in the United States. We have a full
valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets in the United States. We expect to maintain this valuation
allowance for the foreseeable future.
                                                                                                                   
   Results of Operations                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
The following table sets forth selected condensed consolidated statements of operations data as a percentage of
total revenue for each of the periods indicated.
                                                                                                                   
                             Three Months Ended                           Six Months Ended                         
                                  June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024          June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net revenue:                                                                                                     
  Platform                                   88  %               85  %                  87  %               85  %  
  Devices                                    12  %               15  %                  13  %               15  %  
  Total net revenue                         100  %              100  %                 100  %              100  %  
  Cost of revenue:                                                                                                 
  Platform                                   43  %               40  %                  42  %               40  %  
  Devices                                    12  %               16  %                  14  %               16  %  
  Total cost of revenue                      55  %               56  %                  56  %               56  %  
  Gross profit (loss):                                                                                             
  Platform                                   45  %               45  %                  45  %               45  %  
  Devices                                     —  %               -1  %                  -1  %               -1  %  
  Total gross profit                         45  %               44  %                  44  %               44  %  
  Operating expenses:                                                                                              
  Research and                               16  %               18  %                  17  %               19  %  
  development                                                                                                      
  Sales and marketing                        22  %               23  %                  22  %               23  %  
  General and                                 9  %               10  %                   9  %               10  %  
  administrative                                                                                                   
  Total operating                            47  %               51  %                  48  %               52  %  
  expenses                                                                                                         
  Loss from operations                       -2  %               -7  %                  -4  %               -8  %  
  Other income, net:                                                                                               
  Interest expense                            —  %                —  %                   —  %                —  %  
  Other income, net                           3  %                3  %                   2  %                3  %  
  Total other income, net                     3  %                3  %                   2  %                3  %  
  Income (loss) before                        1  %               -4  %                  -2  %               -5  %  
  income taxes                                                                                                     
  Income tax benefit                          —  %               -1  %                  -1  %                —  %  
  Net income (loss)                           1  %               -3  %                  -1  %               -5  %  
                                                                                                                   
                                                        29                                                         
Table of Contents
Comparison of the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2025 and June 30, 2024
                                                                                                                   
  Net Revenue                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
               Three                                                 Six                                           
              Months                                              Months                                           
               Ended                                               Ended                                           
                June         June                                   June          June                             
                 30,          30,       Change    Change             30,           30,       Change     Change     
                2025         2024            $         %            2025          2024            $          %     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (in                                                                                                              
  thou…                                                                                                            
  exce…                                                                                                            
  perc…                                                                                                            
  Plat…    $  975,4…    $  824,3…    $  151,1…        18  %    $  1,856…    $  1,579,…    $  277,0…         18  %  
  Devi…       135,5…       143,8…       -8,279        -6  %       275,4…       270,380        5,042          2  %  
  Total                                                                                                            
  net      $  1,111…    $  968,1…    $  142,8…        15  %    $  2,131…    $  1,849,…    $  282,0…         15  %  
  reve…                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
Platform

Platform revenue increased by $151.1 million, or 18%, during the three months ended June 30, 2025 as compared to
the three months ended June 30, 2024. The increase was primarily due to higher advertising revenue despite
continued weakness in the media and entertainment vertical. Additionally, revenue from streaming services
distribution, specifically higher Premium Subscriptions revenue and subscription revenue from the acquisition of
Frndly, contributed to the year over year increase in revenue. Frndly contributed approximately 1.8 points of
growth in the three months ended June 30, 2025.

Platform revenue increased by $277.0 million, or 18%, during the six months ended June 30, 2025 as compared to the
six months ended June 30, 2024. The increase was primarily due to higher revenue from streaming services
distribution, specifically higher Premium Subscription revenue and subscription revenue from the acquisition of
Frndly. In addition, advertising revenue increased despite continued weakness in the media and entertainment
vertical.

Devices

Devices revenue decreased by $8.3 million, or 6%, during the three months ended June 30, 2025 as compared to the
three months ended June 30, 2024. The decrease was primarily due to lower revenue from streaming players. During
the three months ended June 30, 2025, the average selling price of all devices shipped increased by 8% and the
volume of all devices shipped decreased by 9% as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024. The increase in
average selling price is primarily due to a higher proportion of sales from Roku-branded TVs, which generally sell
at higher prices compared to streaming players. The decrease in the volume of devices shipped was mainly due to
lower sales of streaming players.

Devices revenue increased by $5.0 million, or 2%, during the six months ended June 30, 2025 as compared to the six
months ended June 30, 2024. The increase was primarily due to higher revenue from Roku-branded TVs, partially
offset by lower revenue from streaming players. During the six months ended June 30, 2025, the average selling
price of all devices shipped increased by 3% and the volume of all devices shipped increased by 1% as compared to
the six months ended June 30, 2024. The increase in average selling price was primarily due to a higher proportion
of sales from Roku-branded TVs, which generally sell at higher prices compared to streaming players. The increase
in the volume of devices shipped was mainly due to higher sales of Roku-branded TVs.
                                                        30                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit (Loss)                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
               Three                                                 Six                                           
              Months                                              Months                                           
               Ended                                               Ended                                           
                June         June                                   June          June                             
                 30,          30,       Change    Change             30,           30,       Change     Change     
                2025         2024            $         %            2025          2024            $          %     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (in                                                                                                              
  thou…                                                                                                            
  exce…                                                                                                            
  perc…                                                                                                            
  Cost                                                                                                             
  of                                                                                                               
  reve…                                                                                                            
  Plat…    $  477,7…    $  384,4…    $  93,341        24  %    $  894,3…    $  745,020    $  149,2…         20  %  
  Devi…       135,5…       159,0…       -23,4…       -15  %       294,7…       291,637        3,069          1  %  
  Total                                                                                                            
  cost     $  613,3…    $  543,4…    $  69,901        13  %    $  1,189…    $  1,036,…    $  152,3…         15  %  
  of                                                                                                               
  reve…                                                                                                            
  Gross                                                                                                            
  prof…                                                                                                            
  (los…                                                                                                            
  Plat…    $  497,6…    $  439,8…    $  57,797        13  %       961,9…       834,248       127,7…         15  %  
  Devi…          -18       -15,1…       15,161      -100  %       -19,2…       -21,257        1,973         -9  %  
  Total                                                                                                            
  gross    $  497,6…    $  424,7…    $  72,958        17  %    $  942,7…    $  812,991    $  129,7…         16  %  
  prof…                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
Platform

The Cost of revenue, platform increased by $93.3 million, or 24%, during the three months ended June 30, 2025 as
compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024. The increase was primarily driven by higher costs of Premium
Subscriptions, acquiring content, and acquiring advertising inventory.

The Cost of revenue, platform increased by $149.3 million, or 20%, during the six months ended June 30, 2025 as
compared to the six months ended June 30, 2024. The increase was primarily driven by higher costs of Premium
Subscriptions, acquiring content, and acquiring advertising inventory.

Gross profit for the platform segment increased by $57.8 million, or 13%, during the three months ended June 30,
2025 as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024, primarily driven by the overall growth in our platform
revenue.

Gross profit for the platform segment increased by $127.7 million, or 15%, during the six months ended June 30,
2025 as compared to the six months ended June 30, 2024, primarily driven by the overall growth in our platform
revenue.

Devices

The Cost of revenue, devices decreased by $23.4 million, or 15%, during the three months ended June 30, 2025 as
compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024. The decrease was primarily driven by lower inventory provisions
of $13.7 million, and lower manufacturing costs of $7.8 million related to lower input costs on Roku-branded TVs
and lower sales of streaming players.

The Cost of revenue, devices increased by $3.1 million, or 1%, during the six months ended June 30, 2025 as
compared to the six months ended June 30, 2024. The increase was primarily driven by higher freight costs of $10.7
million and higher manufacturing costs of $9.6 million mainly due to a higher proportion of sales from Roku-branded
TVs. The increases were partially offset by lower inventory provisions of $11.7 million, and lower royalty costs of
$2.1 million.

Gross loss for the devices segment decreased by $15.2 million, or 100%, during the three months ended June 30, 2025
as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024, primarily driven by lower inventory provisions. We manage the
average selling prices of our products to grow our Streaming Households, which we expect should result in increased
platform revenue and platform gross profit over time.

Gross loss for the devices segment decreased by $2.0 million, or 9%, during the six months ended June 30, 2025 as
compared to the six months ended June 30, 2024, primarily driven by lower inventory provisions, partially offset by
a higher proportion of sales from Roku-branded TVs. We manage the average selling prices of our products to grow
our Streaming Households, which we expect should result in increased platform revenue and platform gross profit
over time.
                                                        31                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Operating Expenses                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
               Three                                                 Six                                           
              Months                                              Months                                           
               Ended                                               Ended                                           
                June         June                                   June          June                             
                 30,          30,       Change    Change             30,           30,       Change     Change     
                2025         2024            $         %            2025          2024            $          %     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (in                                                                                                              
  thou…                                                                                                            
  exce…                                                                                                            
  perc…                                                                                                            
  Rese…                                                                                                            
  and      $  178,0…    $  175,4…    $   2,536         1  %    $  362,5…    $  355,940    $   6,656          2  %  
  deve…                                                                                                            
  Sales                                                                                                            
  and         243,2…       221,6…       21,600        10  %       466,9…       423,780       43,169         10  %  
  mark…                                                                                                            
  Gene…                                                                                                            
  and         99,718       98,806          912         1  %       194,2…       176,550       17,671         10  %  
  admi…                                                                                                            
  Total                                                                                                            
  oper…    $  520,9…    $  495,9…    $  25,048         5  %    $  1,023…    $  956,270    $  67,496          7  %  
  expe…                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
Research and development

Research and development expenses increased by $2.5 million, or 1%, during the three months ended June 30, 2025 as
compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024. The increase was driven by higher consulting expenses of $2.5
million.

Research and development expenses increased by $6.7 million, or 2%, during the six months ended June 30, 2025 as
compared to the six months ended June 30, 2024. The increase was primarily driven by higher consulting expenses of
$7.8 million.

Sales and marketing

Sales and marketing expenses increased by $21.6 million, or 10%, during the three months ended June 30, 2025 as
compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024. The increase was primarily driven by higher marketing, retail,
and merchandising expenses of $23.3 million.

Sales and marketing expenses increased by $43.2 million, or 10%, during the six months ended June 30, 2025 as
compared to the six months ended June 30, 2024. The increase was primarily driven by higher marketing, retail, and
merchandising expenses of $34.4 million and higher personnel-related expenses of $11.8 million.

General and administrative

General and administrative expenses increased by $0.9 million, or 1%, during the three months ended June 30, 2025
as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024. The increase was primarily driven by higher legal and
consulting expenses of $6.6 million, partially offset by lower bad debt expense of $4.4 million.

General and administrative expenses increased by $17.7 million, or 10%, during the six months ended June 30, 2025
as compared to the six months ended June 30, 2024. The increase was primarily driven by higher legal and consulting
expenses of $16.7 million.
                                                                                                                   
  Other Income, Net                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
               Three                                                  Six                                          
              Months                                               Months                                          
               Ended                                                Ended                                          
                June         June                                    June         June                             
                 30,          30,       Change    Change              30,          30,       Change    Change      
                2025         2024            $         %             2025         2024            $         %      
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (in                                                                                                              
  thou…                                                                                                            
  exce…                                                                                                            
  perc…                                                                                                            
  Inte…    $    -460    $       —    $    -460            nm    $    -893    $       —    $    -893            nm  
  expe…                                                                                                            
  Other                                                                                                            
  inco…       28,466       28,129    $     337         1  %        46,115       54,075       -7,960       -15  %   
  net                                                                                                              
  Total                                                                                                            
  other    $  28,006    $  28,129    $    -123         —  %     $  45,222    $  54,075    $  -8,853       -16  %   
  inco…                                                                                                            
  net                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
Total other income, net decreased by $0.1 million, or less than 1%, during the three months ended June 30, 2025 as
compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024. The decrease was primarily driven by higher interest expense of
$0.5 million, partially offset by an increase in other income.

Total other income, net decreased by $8.9 million, or 16%, during the six months ended June 30, 2025 as compared to
the six months ended June 30, 2024. The decrease was primarily driven by a fair value remeasurement loss of $3.1
million on our strategic investment in convertible promissory notes, compared to a gain of $3.6 million during the
six months ended June 30, 2024, and higher interest expense of $0.9 million.
                                                        32                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Income Tax Benefit                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
               Three                                                 Six                                           
              Months                                              Months                                           
               Ended                                               Ended                                           
                June         June                                   June          June                             
                 30,          30,       Change    Change             30,           30,       Change     Change     
                2025         2024            $         %            2025          2024            $          %     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (in                                                                                                              
  thou…                                                                                                            
  exce…                                                                                                            
  perc…                                                                                                            
  Inco…                                                                                                            
  tax      $  -5,830    $  -9,161    $   3,331       -36  %    $  -18,9…    $   -4,396    $  -14,5…        330  %  
  bene…                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
Income tax benefit decreased by $3.3 million during the three months ended June 30, 2025 as compared to the three
months ended June 30, 2024, primarily due to differences in tax benefit from the release of jurisdictional
valuation allowances in each period.

Income tax benefit increased by $14.5 million during the six months ended June 30, 2025 as compared to the six
months ended June 30, 2024, primarily due to U.S. current income tax benefit expected to be realized during the
year from year-to-date losses and the differences in tax benefit from the release of jurisdictional valuation
allowances in each period.
                                                                                                                   
   Liquidity and Capital Resources                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
As of June 30, 2025, we had cash and cash equivalents of $2,253.3 million. Approximately 5% of our cash was held
outside the United States in accounts held by our foreign subsidiaries, which are used to fund foreign operations.

Our primary sources of cash are receipts from platform and devices revenue. The primary uses of cash are costs of
revenue including costs to acquire advertising inventory, costs to license and produce content, third-party
manufacturing costs for our products, as well as operating expenses such as personnel-related expenses, consulting
and professional service expenses, facility expenses, and marketing expenses. Other uses of cash include purchases
of property and equipment and mergers and acquisitions.

We have pursued merger and acquisition activities, such as the acquisition of Frndly, and we may pursue additional
merger and acquisition activities in the future, including the acquisition of rights to programming and content
assets. Though we do not expect to incur expenses for facilities and building related costs at the same level as in
the last few fiscal years, we will continue to incur expenses on the maintenance of our facilities and purchases of
computer systems, and other property and equipment, in order to support future growth in our business. These
activities may materially impact our liquidity and capital resources.

We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents balance, and our undrawn available balance under our Credit
Agreement (as discussed below), will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures, and material
cash requirements from known contractual obligations for the next twelve months and beyond. Our future capital
requirements, the adequacy of available funds, and cash flows from operations could be affected by various risks,
uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those detailed in Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Quarterly
Report and the effects of the current macroeconomic environment. While the current macroeconomic environment has
not severely impacted our liquidity and capital resources to date, it has contributed to disruption and volatility
in local economies and in capital and credit markets, which could adversely affect our liquidity and capital
resources in the future.

We may attempt to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities or other financing arrangements.
If we raise additional funds by issuing equity, the ownership of our existing stockholders will be diluted. If we
raise additional financing by the incurrence of indebtedness, we may be subject to fixed payment obligations and
also to restrictive covenants. Additionally, we may be unable to obtain debt or equity financing on terms that are
acceptable to us.
                                                                                                                   
  Credit Agreement                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
On September 16, 2024, we entered into a Credit Agreement, by and among the Company, as borrower, certain of our
subsidiaries, as guarantors, the lenders and issuing banks party thereto, and Citibank N.A., as administrative
agent (the “Credit Agreement”), which provides for (i) a five-year revolving credit facility in an aggregate
principal amount of up to $300.0 million, and (ii) an uncommitted increase option of up to an additional $300.0
million exercisable upon the satisfaction of certain customary conditions. The Credit Agreement provides for a
$100.0 million sub-facility for the issuance of letters of credit, and certain existing letters of credit were
deemed outstanding under this facility. The Credit Agreement will mature on September 16, 2029. Proceeds from the
Credit Agreement may be used for general corporate purposes, including to finance working capital requirements.

Our obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by substantially all the assets of the Company and our
subsidiaries that are guarantors under the Credit Agreement. We may prepay, and in certain circumstances, would be
required to prepay, loans under the Credit Agreement without payment of a premium. The Credit Agreement also
contains customary representations and warranties, customary affirmative and negative covenants, financial
covenants requiring the maintenance of a minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum total net leverage ratio, as
well as customary events of default, the occurrence of which could result in amounts borrowed under the Credit
Agreement
                                                        33                                                         
Table of Contents
becoming due and payable and remaining commitments terminated prior to its scheduled September 16, 2029 termination
date.

We had outstanding letters of credit secured by the Credit Agreement of $39.5 million as of June 30, 2025. As of
June 30, 2025, we had not borrowed against the Credit Agreement, and we were in compliance with all of the
covenants of the Credit Agreement.
                                                                                                                   
  Cash Flows                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented (in thousands):
                                                                                      
                                                Six Months Ended                      
                                                   June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of                                                
  Cash Flows Data:                                                                    
  Cash flows provided by operating           $           248,465    $         70,089  
  activities                                                                          
  Cash flows used in investing activities    $           -95,143    $         -1,547  
  Cash flows used in financing activities    $           -68,562    $        -32,944  
                                                                                      
Cash Flows from Operating Activities

Our operating activities provided cash of $248.5 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025. Our net loss of
$16.9 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 was adjusted by non-cash charges of $345.2 million composed
primarily of stock-based compensation, amortization of content assets, depreciation and amortization of property
and equipment and intangible assets, amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets, fair value change of
strategic investment in convertible promissory notes, and impairment of assets as part of restructuring charges.
The negative impact from changes in our operating assets and liabilities of $79.8 million was primarily due to
decreases in accounts payable and accrued liabilities due to timing of payments, payments made to acquire content,
and payments made for operating lease liabilities and other longer-term liabilities, as well as an increase in
prepaid expenses and other current assets. This was partially offset by a decrease in accounts receivable, a
decrease in inventories, a decrease in other non-current assets, and an increase in deferred revenue.

Cash Flows from Investing Activities

Net cash used in investing activities of $95.1 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 included purchases of
property and equipment of $3.1 million, a purchase of business, net of cash acquired of $95.1 million, and a
purchase of a strategic investment of $7.0 million, partially offset by a repayment received from an investment of
$10.0 million.

Cash Flows from Financing Activities

Net cash used in financing activities of $68.6 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 was primarily due to
tax payments of $71.5 million to net settle equity awards vested during the period, partially offset by proceeds
from employee stock option exercises.
Material Cash Requirements from Known Contractual Obligations
For a description of our purchase obligations and operating lease obligations, refer to Note 10 and Note 13 to our
condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report, respectively.
                                                                                                                   
  Critical Accounting Estimates                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses, and related disclosures. These estimates and
assumptions are based on historical experience, current trends, and other factors that we believe to be reasonable
at the time our condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions
on an ongoing basis. Except for the accounting policy related to Business Combinations, as discussed below, there
have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates as compared to the critical
accounting policies and estimates described in our Annual Report.
                                                                                                                   
   Business Combinations                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
We recognize, separately from goodwill, identifiable assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination at
fair value on the date of acquisition. We use our best estimates and assumptions to determine the fair value of
contingent consideration, and tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the
acquisition date. Critical estimates in valuing contingent consideration include the probability of achieving
certain performance metrics and milestones, and the discount rate. Critical estimates in valuing intangible assets
include, but are not limited to, the amount and timing of projected cash flows, customer attrition rates, royalty
rates, and discount rates. We estimate the useful lives of intangible assets based on the expected period over
which we anticipate generating economic benefit from
                                                        34                                                         
Table of Contents
the asset. Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that may affect the accuracy or validity of such
assumptions, estimates, or actual results.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk                                             │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                                                                   
  Interest Rate Fluctuation Risk                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
Our exposure to interest rate risk relates to the interest income generated by cash and cash equivalents. The
primary objective of our investment policy is to preserve principal while maximizing income without significantly
increasing risk. We believe that an increase or decrease in interest rates of 100 basis points on our cash and cash
equivalents balance would increase or decrease our interest income by approximately $22.5 million.
                                                                                                                   
  Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
Most of our revenue is generated within the United States and as such we have minimal foreign currency risk related
to our revenue. Our foreign currency risk primarily relates to operating expenses, cash balances, and lease
liabilities denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars, primarily British pounds and Euros. Our results of
current and future operations and cash flows are, therefore, subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign
currency exchange rates.

We have experienced and will continue to experience fluctuations in our net income (loss) as a result of
transaction gains or losses related to revaluing monetary asset and liability balances that are denominated in
currencies other than the functional currency of the entities in which they are recorded. We have not entered into
any derivatives or other financial instruments in an attempt to hedge our foreign currency exchange risk, but we
may do so in the future.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 4. Controls and Procedures                                                                                │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                                                                   
   Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures                                                                
                                                                                                                   
Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, has
evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report. Based on such evaluation, our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by
this Quarterly Report, our disclosure controls and procedures were, in design and operation, effective at a
reasonable assurance level.

Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. Any controls and
procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the
desired control objective and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit
relationship of possible controls and procedures.
                                                                                                                   
   Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting                                                            
                                                                                                                   
There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation
required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended June 30, 2025
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting.
                                                        35                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                             PART II—OTHER INFORMATION                                             
                                                                                                                   
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 1. Legal Proceedings                                                                                      │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Information with respect to this item may be found in Note 13 to the condensed consolidated financial statements in
Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report, which is incorporated herein by reference.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 1A. Risk Factors                                                                                          │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Our business involves significant risks, some of which are described below. You should carefully consider the risks
and uncertainties described below, together with all the other information in this Quarterly Report, including
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the condensed
consolidated financial statements and the related notes. If any of the following risks actually occur, our
business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, revenue, key performance metrics, and future pros
pects could be seriously harmed. In addition, you should consider the interrelationship and compounding effects of
two or more risks occurring simultaneously. Unless otherwise indicated, references to our business being harmed in
these risk factors will include harm to our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations,
revenue, key performance metrics, and future prospects. In that event, the market price of our Class A common stock
could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. You should not interpret our disclosure of any of
the following risks to imply that such risks have not already materialized. The risks facing our business have not
changed substantively from those discussed in our Annual Report, filed with the SEC on February 14, 2025, except
for those risks marked with an asterisk (*).
                                                                                                                   
  Risk Factors Summary                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
Below is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our Class A common stock speculative or
risky:
                                                                                                                   
   Risks Related to Our Business and Industry                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
• the highly competitive nature of the TV streaming industry that is rapidly evolving;

• our ability to successfully grow revenues from advertising on our platform;

• maintaining an adequate supply of quality video advertising inventory on our platform and effectively selling the
available supply;

• irrelevant or unengaging advertising campaigns on our streaming platform;

• our ability to successfully utilize programmatic advertising technology;

• advertiser or advertising agency delayed payment or failure to pay;

• our ability to further monetize our streaming platform;

• our ability to successfully operate and monetize The Roku Channel;

• our ability to establish and maintain relationships with important content partners;

• popular or new content publishers not publishing their content on our streaming platform;

• the non-renewal or early termination of our agreements with content partners;

• content partners electing not to participate in platform features that we develop;

• users signing up for offerings and services outside of our platform;

• our ability to develop, maintain, and expand relationships with licensed Roku TV partners and manufacturing
partners;

• our and our licensed Roku TV partners’ ability to develop, maintain, and expand relationships with important
retail sales channels that we and they rely on to sell our streaming devices and other products;

• our ability to build a strong brand and maintain customer satisfaction and loyalty;

• our and our licensed Roku TV partners’ reliance on contract manufacturers and limited manufacturing capabilities;

• our reliance on licensed Roku TV partners’ operations for the supply of Roku TV models;

• our ability to accurately forecast manufacturing requirements and manage our supply chain and inventory levels;

• decreased availability or increased costs for materials and components used in the manufacturing of our products
and our licensed Roku TV partners’ products;

• our ability to obtain key components from sole source suppliers;

• interoperability of our products with content partners’ and other third parties’ offerings, technologies, and
systems;

• detecting hardware defects and software errors in our products before they are released to end users;

• component manufacturing, design, or other defects that may render our products permanently inoperable;

• our ability to obtain or maintain necessary or desirable licenses, certifications, or approvals related to our
use or support of third-party technology, intellectual property, or services;

• our introduction of new products and services;
                                                        36                                                         
Table of Contents
• our use of artificial intelligence (“AI”) technologies in some of our products and services;

• maintaining adequate customer support levels;
                                                                                                                   
   Risks Related to Operating and Growing Our Business                                                             
                                                                                                                   
• our history of operating losses;

• volatility of our quarterly operating results that could cause our stock price to decline;

• our ability to manage our growth;

• our ability to successfully expand our international operations;

• seasonality and other potential fluctuations in our business and their impact on our revenue and gross profit;

• attracting and retaining key personnel and managing succession;

• maintaining systems that can support our growth, business arrangements, and financial rules;

• our ability to successfully complete acquisitions and investments and integrate acquired businesses;

• our ability to comply with the terms of our outstanding credit facility;

• our ability to secure funds to meet our financial obligations and support our planned business growth;

• adverse developments affecting financial institutions, including bank failures;

• the impact of macroeconomic conditions, natural disasters, geopolitical conflicts, or other natural or man-made
catastrophic events on our business;

Risks Related to Cybersecurity, Reliability, and Data Privacy

• data security incidents, including cybersecurity attacks, or other significant disruptions of our information
technology systems that could adversely affect our business and subject us to liability;

• legal obligations and potential liability or reputational harm related to our collection, processing, disclosure,
and storage of personal information;

• disruptions in information technology systems or other services that result in a degradation of our platform;

• changes in how network operators manage data that travel across their networks;
                                                                                                                   
  Risks Related to Intellectual Property                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
• intellectual property infringement claims and litigation resulting in significant costs or the loss of important
intellectual property rights;

• failure or inability to protect or enforce our intellectual property or proprietary rights;

• our use of open-source software;

• our agreements to indemnify certain of our partners if our technology is alleged to infringe on third parties’
intellectual property rights;
                                                                                                                   
  Legal and Regulatory Risks                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
• lawsuits and other legal proceedings, disputes, claims, and government inquiries and investigations;

• enactment of or changes to government regulation or laws related to our business;

• changes in U.S. or foreign trade policies, geopolitical conditions, and general economic conditions that impact
our business;

• U.S. or international rules (or the absence of rules) that permit internet access network operators to degrade
users’ internet service speeds or limit internet data consumption by users;

• liability for content that is distributed through or advertising that is served through our platform;

• our ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting;

• the impact of changes in accounting principles;

• compliance with laws and regulations related to the payment of income taxes and collection of indirect taxes;

• changes to U.S. or foreign taxation laws or regulations;

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock

• the dual class structure of our common stock;

• volatility in the market price of our Class A common stock;

• potential dilution or a decline in our stock price caused by future sales or issuance of our capital stock or
rights to purchase capital stock;

• a decline in our stock price caused by future sales by existing stockholders;

• the impact of our stock repurchase program;

• dependency on favorable securities and industry analyst reports;

• the significant legal, accounting, and other expenses associated with being a publicly traded company;

• the absence of dividends on our common stock;

• anti-takeover provisions in our charter and bylaws; and

• the limitations resulting from our selection of the Delaware Court of Chancery and the U.S. federal district
courts as the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders.
                                                        37                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
   Risks Related to Our Business and Industry                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
If we fail to differentiate our streaming platform and compete successfully with our competitors, it will be
difficult for us to attract and retain users and our business will be adversely impacted.*

The TV streaming industry—including the sale of TV streaming devices as well as the sale of advertising on TV
streaming platforms—is highly competitive and global. Our success depends in part on user acquisition and retention
and the effective monetization of our streaming platform. To attract and retain users, we must respond efficiently
to changes in user tastes and preferences and offer our users access to the content they demand on terms that they
accept. Effective monetization requires us to continue to update the features and functionality of our streaming
platform for users, content partners, and advertisers. We also must effectively support popular sources of
streaming content that are available on our platform, such as Amazon Prime Video, Disney+, Hulu, Max, Netflix, and
YouTube. And we must respond rapidly to actual and anticipated market trends in the TV streaming industry.

Large companies such as Amazon, Apple, and Google offer TV streaming devices that compete with Roku streaming
devices and those of our licensed Roku TV partners and the Roku TV OS. Google licenses its Android operating system
software for integration into smart TVs, including those of certain of our existing TV partners, and service
provider set-top boxes, and Amazon licenses its operating system software for integration into smart TVs and sells
Amazon-branded smart TVs. We also face increased competition from Walmart (which makes and sells Onn. branded
streaming products, including co-branded Roku TV models), in light of Walmart’s acquisition of Vizio (which makes
and sells smart TVs with a proprietary operating system). These companies have greater financial resources than we
do and can subsidize the cost of their streaming devices or licensing arrangements to promote their other products
and services, which could make it harder for us to acquire new users, retain existing users, increase Streaming
Hours, and monetize our streaming platform. These competitors could also implement standards or technology that are
not compatible with our products or that provide a better streaming experience and have greater resources to more
aggressively promote their brands through advertising than we do.

In addition, we compete for Streaming Hours with many TV brands, including certain of our existing TV partners,
that offer their own TV streaming solutions within their TVs, mobile streaming applications on smartphones and
tablets, and other devices and platforms, such as game consoles with TV streaming functionality. Similarly, some
service operators, such as Comcast and Charter Communications (and their joint venture, Xumo, LLC), offer TV
streaming applications and devices as part of their cable service plans and can leverage their existing user bases,
installation networks, broadband delivery networks, and name recognition to gain traction in TV streaming. If
viewers of TV streaming content prefer alternative products to Roku streaming devices, we may not be able to
achieve our expected growth in platform revenue, gross profit, and our key performance metrics.

We expect continued competition in TV streaming, which could result in pricing pressure, lower revenue and gross
profit, declines in our key performance metrics, or the failure of Roku streaming devices, our streaming platform,
or our other products to gain or maintain broad market acceptance.

To remain competitive and maintain our position as a leading TV streaming platform, we need to continuously invest
in our platform, product development, marketing, service and support, and device distribution infrastructure. In
addition, evolving TV standards and unknown future developments may require further investments in the development
of Roku streaming devices, our streaming platform, and our other products. We may not have sufficient resources to
continue to make the investments needed to maintain our competitive position. In addition, many of our competitors
have longer operating histories, greater name recognition, larger customer bases, and significantly greater
financial, technical, sales, marketing, and other resources than us, which provide them with advantages in
developing, marketing, or servicing new products and offerings. As a result, they may be able to respond more
quickly to market demand, devote greater resources to the development, promotion, sales, and distribution of their
products or their content, and influence market acceptance of their products better than we can. These competitors
may also be able to adapt more quickly to new or emerging technologies or standards and may be able to deliver
products and services at a lower cost. Sustained competition could reduce our sales volume, revenue, and operating
margins, increase our operating costs, harm our competitive position, and otherwise harm our business.

To enhance our users’ experience, we also offer Roku-branded smart home products and services, and audio products,
including wireless speakers and subwoofers. As a result, we face additional competition from other brands of smart
home and audio products. If our smart home and audio products do not operate as designed or do not enhance the Roku
Experience as we intend, our users’ overall viewing experience may be diminished, which may impact the overall
demand for our products and our partners’ Roku TV models.

Our competitors offer content and other advertising mediums that may be more attractive to advertisers than our
streaming platform.

We operate in a highly competitive advertising industry and compete for revenue from advertising with other
streaming platforms and services, social media platforms, and other digital platforms, as well as traditional
media, such as radio, broadcast, cable and satellite TV, and satellite and internet radio. These competitors offer
content and other advertising mediums that may be more attractive to advertisers than our streaming platform. These
competitors are often very large and have more advertising experience and financial resources than we do, which may
adversely affect our ability to compete for advertisers and may result in lower revenue and gross profit from
advertising. Many major
                                                        38                                                         
Table of Contents
SVOD services, including Netflix, Disney+, and Amazon Prime Video, now have ad-supported SVOD tiers, which has
further increased competition for streaming TV advertising revenue. These services, as well as other services such
as YouTube and services that have FAST channels (such as Tubi and Pluto), sell (either through direct sales or
programmatically through third parties) advertising inventory in their ad-supported content that is distributed on
our streaming platform. Our business and growth prospects may be harmed if we are unable to increase our revenue
from advertising by, among other things, continuing to improve our streaming platform’s capabilities to further
optimize and measure advertisers’ campaigns; continuing to increase our streaming platform’s reach; increasing,
differentiating, and selling our advertising inventory, including video advertising inventory we sell in The Roku
Channel, video advertising inventory that we acquire through our streaming services distribution agreements, and
display ads included throughout the Roku Experience; innovating our ad product offerings; and maintaining a strong
advertising sales team and programmatic capabilities. See also “— If we are unable to maintain an adequate supply
of quality video advertising inventory on our streaming platform or generate sufficient demand to effectively sell
our available video advertising inventory, our business may be harmed .”

If advertisers continue to devote a substantial portion of their advertising budgets to advertising in traditional
media or on other digital platforms rather than on advertising on our streaming platform, the future growth of our
business may be negatively impacted.*

Many advertisers continue to devote a substantial portion of their advertising budgets to advertising in
traditional media or on other digital platforms, such as traditional TV, radio, print publications, and social
media. The future growth of our business depends on the growth of advertising on TV streaming platforms and on
advertisers increasing their spending on advertising on our TV streaming platform. Although traditional TV
advertisers have shown growing interest in advertising on TV streaming platforms, we cannot be certain that their
interest will continue to increase or that they will not revert to traditional TV advertising or shift their
advertising spending to social media and other digital platforms. In addition, if we are unable to compete with
social media and other digital platforms to win business from advertisers and advertising agencies who have
traditionally advertised on these platforms, such as direct-to-consumer and small or medium-sized businesses, our
ability to grow our business may be limited. If advertisers, or their agency relationships, do not perceive
meaningful benefits of advertising on our TV streaming platform, the market may develop more slowly than we expect,
which could adversely impact our operating results and our ability to grow our business.

Finally, there is political or regulatory pressure in some countries to limit streaming TV advertising (including
limiting the advertising that may be associated with children’s content) or impose local content or prominence
requirements on streaming TV services, which could pose a threat to our operating results and our ability to grow
our business.

If we are unable to maintain an adequate supply of quality video advertising inventory on our streaming platform or
generate sufficient demand to effectively sell our available video advertising inventory, our business may be
harmed.

Our business model depends on our ability to grow video advertising inventory on our streaming platform and sell it
to advertisers. While The Roku Channel has historically served as a valuable source of video advertising inventory
for us to sell, there is no guarantee that it will continue to do so in the future. If The Roku Channel is unable
to secure content that is appealing to our users and advertisers, or is unable to do so on terms that provide a
sufficient supply of advertising inventory at reasonable cost, our supply of video advertising inventory will be
negatively impacted. We are also dependent on our ability to monetize video advertising inventory within other ad-
supported apps on our streaming platform and seek to sell such inventory from the content partners of such apps. We
may fail to attract content partners that generate a sufficient quantity or quality of ad-supported content hours
on our streaming platform or fail to obtain access to a sufficient supply of such advertising inventory from the
publishers.

Our access to video advertising inventory in ad-supported streaming apps on our streaming platform varies greatly
among apps and the amount, quality, and cost of video advertising inventory available to us can change at any time.
Accordingly, we may not have access to a significant portion of the video advertising inventory on our streaming
platform. For certain apps, including YouTube’s ad-supported app, we have no access to video advertising inventory
at this time, and we may not secure access in the future. Moreover, when existing SVOD services introduce new ad-
supported tiers to their streaming services, we have in the past been unable, and in the future may be unable, to
obtain access to video advertising inventory on these tiers on mutually agreeable terms, or at all. If we cannot
grow, maintain, and generate sufficient demand for an adequate supply of quality video advertising inventory at
reasonable costs to keep up with demand or sell such advertising inventory at our desired price, our business may
be harmed. If we are unable to effectively sell our available video advertising inventory, our business may be
harmed.

If the advertising campaigns that run on our streaming platform decrease or are not relevant or not engaging to our
users, our business may be adversely impacted.*

We have made, and are continuing to make, investments to engage with more advertisers and content partners, and
enable them to deliver more relevant advertising campaigns to our viewers. However, a small number of advertisers
and content partners historically have accounted for a significant portion of the spending on ads integrated into
our UI. If our advertisers and content partners decrease spending on ads integrated into our UI, our financial
condition and operating results may suffer, and our business may be harmed. For example, consolidation among
content partners has in the past resulted, and may in the future result, in decreased spending on ads integrated
into our UI.
                                                        39                                                         
Table of Contents
In addition, existing and prospective advertisers may not be successful in serving advertising campaigns that lead
to and maintain viewer engagement. Those ads and campaigns may seem irrelevant, repetitive, or overly targeted and
intrusive. For example, viewers may dislike the content and frequency of advertising that appears on the Roku Home
Screen. We are continuously seeking to balance the objectives of our advertisers with our desire to provide an
optimal viewer experience, but we may not be successful in achieving a balance that continues to attract and retain
viewers, advertisers, and content partners. If the advertising campaigns that run on our streaming platform are not
relevant, are overly intrusive or too frequent, or are an impediment to the use of our platform, our viewers may
stop using our platform, resulting in a reduction of our user base and Streaming Hours, which will harm our
business, financial condition, and operating results.

We are subject to various risks in connection with programmatic advertising.

The market for programmatic streaming TV ad buying is growing, and advertisers and advertising agencies can
programmatically purchase and manage their streaming TV, desktop, and mobile advertising campaigns both off and on
the Roku platform through third-party demand sources (such as third-party DSPs and SSPs) and through our media
buying channels. If our current and potential advertising partners do not continue to shift to programmatic ad
buying from other buying methods, or if we are unable to expand our programmatic demand by maintaining and
developing third-party demand relationships in a way that is competitive with other advertising platforms, our
business could be harmed. In addition, if DSPs or SSPs do not have the functionality or services expected by
advertisers or advertising agencies, they may take their advertising spend to a non-Roku platform. We also may not
be able to adapt to changes or trends in programmatic streaming TV advertising, which would harm our ability to
grow our advertising revenue and harm our business.

Furthermore, the programmatic advertising ecosystem is large, distributed, and complex, requiring us to integrate
with several key third-party advertising partners. Our compliance with applicable laws and regulations therefore
may depend in part on these partners’ commitment to handling user data with the care that we require or expect of
them. Because integration of our respective systems is complex and rapidly evolving, we and our partners may be
susceptible to breaches, failures, and other errors (whether inadvertent or intentional). We expect to encounter
more of these challenges and issues as the number of partners we integrate with increases.

We are subject to credit and payment-related risks if our advertisers, advertising agencies, or programmatic
partners do not pay or dispute their invoices, which could harm our business.

Many of our contracts with advertising agencies provide that if the advertiser does not pay the agency, the agency
is not liable to us, and we must seek payment solely from the advertiser, a type of arrangement called sequential
liability. Contracting with these agencies, which in some cases have or may develop higher-risk credit profiles,
may subject us to greater credit risk than if we were to contract directly with advertisers.

This credit risk may vary depending on the nature of an advertising agency’s aggregated advertiser base. In
addition, typically, we are contractually required to pay advertising inventory data suppliers within a negotiated
period of time, regardless of whether our advertisers or advertising agencies pay us on time, or at all. Further,
we typically experience slow payment cycles by advertising agencies as is common in the advertising industry. While
we attempt to balance payment periods with our suppliers and advertisers and advertising agencies, we are not
always successful. As a result, we can often face a timing issue with our accounts payable on shorter cycles than
our accounts receivables, requiring us to remit payments from our own funds, and accept the risk of credit losses.

We may also be involved in disputes with agencies, their advertisers, or our programmatic partners over the
operation of our streaming platform, the terms of our agreements, or our billings for purchases made by them
through our streaming platform, our DSP, or other programmatic partners. If we are unable to collect or make
adjustments to bills, we could incur credit losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations for the periods in which the write-offs occur. In the future, bad debt may exceed reserves for such
contingencies, and our bad debt exposure may increase over time. Any increase in write-offs for bad debt could have
a materially negative effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. Though we have not
experienced significant credit losses to date, if we are not paid by our advertisers or advertising agencies on
time or at all, our business may be harmed.

We may not be successful in our efforts to further monetize our expanding user base and streaming activity as we
increase the amount of content offered and streamed across our platform, which may harm our business.

Our business model depends on our ability to generate platform revenue from advertisers and content partners
through ad-supported content. We generate platform revenue primarily from the sale of digital advertising
(including direct and programmatic video advertising, ads integrated into our UI, and related services) and
streaming services distribution (including subscription and transaction revenue shares, the sale of Premium
Subscriptions, and the sale of branded app buttons on remote controls). As such, we are seeking to expand our user
base and increase Streaming Hours in an effort to create additional platform revenue opportunities. As our user
base grows and as we increase the amount of content offered and streamed across our platform, we must effectively
monetize our expanding user base and streaming activity. The total number of Streaming Hours does not correlate
with platform revenue on a period-by-period basis, primarily because we do not monetize every hour streamed or
every user on our platform. Moreover, Streaming Hours on our platform are measured whenever a Roku streaming device
is streaming content, whether a viewer is actively watching or not. For example, if our streaming player is
connected to a TV, and the viewer turns off the TV, steps
                                                        40                                                         
Table of Contents
away, or falls asleep without stopping or pausing the player, then a particular streaming app may continue to play
content for a period of time determined by the streaming app. Roku TV OS’s “Are you still watching?” feature, which
prompts users to confirm they are still watching, does not resolve this lack of correlation.

Our ability to deliver advertisements relevant to our users and to increase our streaming platform’s value to
advertisers and content partners depends on the collection of user engagement data, and the degree to which our
users consent to, opt out of, or limit the collection or use of data for advertisements, including as a result of
product changes and controls that we have implemented or may implement in the future related to new applicable
laws, regulations, industry standards, regulatory actions, or litigation that impact our ability to use data for
advertising purposes. Content partners may also refuse to allow us to collect data regarding user engagement or
refuse to implement mechanisms we request to ensure compliance with our legal obligations or technical
requirements. For example, we are not able to fully utilize program level viewing data from many of our most
popular apps to improve the relevancy of advertisements provided to our users.

Other apps available on our streaming platform, such as Amazon Prime Video, Apple TV+, Hulu, and YouTube, are
focused on increasing user engagement and time spent within their apps by allowing users to purchase additional
content and streaming services within their apps. When users purchase these products and services in-app rather
than from us, we may earn less revenue than when such products and services are purchased directly from us.
Additionally, if our users spend most of their time within particular apps where we have limited or no ability to
place advertisements or leverage user information, or our users opt out from our ability to collect data for use in
providing more relevant advertisements, we may not be able to achieve our expected growth in platform revenue,
gross profit, or certain key performance metrics. Additionally, our distribution agreements with our most popular
apps are renegotiated periodically; thus, even if we are currently able to monetize Streaming Hours within an app,
we may not be able to do so in the future. If we are unable to further monetize our streaming platform, our
business may be harmed.

Our efforts to monetize our streaming platform may not continue to grow as we expect, and at times our platform
revenue growth has been, and may in the future be, lower than expected due to advertising inventory supply and
demand imbalances; advertisers significantly curtailing or pausing advertising spending due to macroeconomic
factors or other factors beyond our control; competitive pressures from video advertising offerings on other TV
streaming platforms or services; or the non-binding nature of advertisers’ spending commitments. For example,
spending commitments we obtain in connection with annual TV Upfront presentations are typically not fully binding,
and the revenue we receive from such commitments may be less than the initially committed amount. To materially
increase the monetization of our streaming platform through the sale of video advertising, we must generate
significantly more advertising revenue on our streaming platform as well as deliver ad-supported content that
results in our users streaming significantly more ad-supported content. We cannot assure you that we will be
successful in monetizing our streaming platform through the distribution of ad-supported content.

We are subject to various risks in connection with our operation and monetization of The Roku Channel.

We operate The Roku Channel, which offers ad-supported free access for users to a collection of films, television
series, live linear television, and other content. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, costs and expenses
in connection with the development, expansion, and operation of The Roku Channel, which we monetize primarily
through advertising. We also commission original content that we own and distribute on The Roku Channel. From time
to time, we may remove underperforming content from The Roku Channel and record an impairment charge related to
such removal.

If our users do not continue to stream the ad-supported content we make available on The Roku Channel, we will not
have the opportunity to monetize The Roku Channel through revenue generated from advertising. In order to attract
users to the ad-supported content on The Roku Channel and drive streaming of ad-supported video on The Roku
Channel, we must secure rights to stream content that is appealing to our users and advertisers. In part, we do
this by directly licensing certain content from content owners, such as television and movie studios. Our
agreements with these content owners have varying terms and provide us with rights to make specific content
available through The Roku Channel during certain periods of time. Upon expiration of these agreements, we must re-
negotiate and renew these agreements with the existing content owners, or enter into new agreements with other
content owners, to obtain rights to distribute additional titles or to extend the duration of the rights previously
granted. If we cannot enter into content license agreements on acceptable terms to access content that enables us
to attract and retain users of the ad-supported content on The Roku Channel, or if the content we do secure rights
to stream is ultimately not appealing to our users and advertisers, usage of The Roku Channel may decline, and our
business may be harmed. Further, even if we successfully monetize The Roku Channel in the United States, we may not
be successful in monetizing The Roku Channel in international markets. See also “ —We may be unable to successfully
expand our international operations, and our international expansion plans, if implemented, will subject us to a
variety of risks that may harm our business. ”

In addition, we produce content for distribution on The Roku Channel and other platforms. We have limited
experience producing content, and we may not succeed in doing so in a cost-effective manner that furthers the
growth of The Roku Channel and increases its appeal to our users and advertisers. We also assume risks associated
with content production, such as completion and key talent risks, and the risk of litigation and claims related to
our content production.
                                                        41                                                         
Table of Contents
Furthermore, if the advertisements on The Roku Channel are not relevant to our users or are overly intrusive and
impede our users’ enjoyment of the available content, our users may not stream content and view advertisements on
The Roku Channel, and The Roku Channel may not generate sufficient revenue from advertising to be cost effective
for us to operate. In addition, we distribute The Roku Channel on platforms other than our own streaming platform,
and we may not be successful in attracting a large number of users or generating significant revenue from
advertising through the distribution of The Roku Channel on such other streaming platforms.

The sale of Premium Subscriptions on The Roku Channel also generates platform revenue and carries certain non-
advertising related risks. See “ —If our users sign up for offerings and services outside of our streaming platform
or through other apps on our streaming platform, our business may be harmed. ”

We depend on a small number of content partners for nearly half of our Streaming Hours, and if we fail to maintain
these relationships, our business could be harmed.*

Historically, a small number of content partners have accounted for a significant portion of the hours streamed on
our platform. In the three months ended June 30, 2025, the top three streaming services (excluding The Roku
Channel) represented nearly half of all hours streamed in the period. If, for any reason, we cease distributing
apps that have historically streamed a large percentage of the aggregate Streaming Hours on our platform, our
Streaming Hours, user base, or Roku streaming device sales may be adversely affected, and our business may be
harmed.

If popular or new content publishers do not publish content on our streaming platform, we may fail to retain
existing users and attract new users.

We must continuously maintain existing relationships and identify and establish new relationships with content
publishers to provide popular streaming apps, streaming app features, and content on our platform. In order to
remain competitive, we must consistently meet user demand for popular streaming apps, streaming app features,
streaming app bundles, and content, particularly as we launch new streaming devices, introduce new TVs powered by
the Roku TV OS, or enter new markets, including international markets. This may be challenging as the industry
continues to evolve, including through consolidation of content publishers, joint ventures among content
publishers, and licensing of content between content publishers. If we are not successful in helping our content
publishers launch, maintain, and expand their streaming apps and streaming app features that attract and retain a
significant number of users on our streaming platform or if we are not able to do so in a cost-effective manner,
our business will be harmed. Our success in assisting our content publishers maintain and expand their app
offerings on a cost-effective basis largely depends on our ability to effectively promote and market streaming
apps, minimize launch delays or downtime of streaming apps, and minimize streaming platform downtime and other
technical difficulties.

In addition, if service operators, including traditional TV providers, refuse to grant our users access to stream
certain apps or only make content available on devices they prefer, our ability to offer a broad selection of
popular streaming apps or content may be limited, which could adversely affect our business.

The non-renewal or early termination of agreements with our content partners may result in the removal of certain
apps or app features from our streaming platform and harm our streaming device sales, user base growth, and
engagement.

Our agreements with content partners generally have terms of one to three years and can be terminated before the
end of the term by the content partner under certain circumstances, including if we materially breach the
agreement, become insolvent, enter bankruptcy, commit fraud, or fail to adhere to the content partners’ security or
other platform certification requirements. Upon expiration of these agreements, we are required to re-negotiate and
renew them in order to continue providing content from these content partners on our streaming platform. We have in
the past been unable, and in the future may not be able, to reach a satisfactory agreement with certain content
partners before our existing agreements have expired. If we are unable to renew such agreements on a timely basis
on mutually agreeable terms, or if a content partner terminates an agreement with us prior to its expiration, we
may be required to temporarily or permanently remove certain apps or app features from our streaming platform.

The loss of such apps or app features from our streaming platform for any period of time may harm our business.
More broadly, if we fail to maintain our relationships with the content partners on terms favorable to us, or at
all, or if these content partners face problems in delivering their content across our streaming platform, we may
lose app partners or users and our streaming device sales, user base growth, and engagement may be harmed.

If our content partners do not participate in new features that we may introduce from time to time or choose to
develop their apps on alternative streaming platforms, our business may be harmed.

As our streaming platform and products evolve, we will continue to introduce new features, which may or may not be
attractive to our content partners or meet their business or technical requirements. For example, some content
partners have elected not to participate in new Roku Home Screen Menu features or in our Roku Zones (collections of
related content from apps across our streaming platform) or have imposed limits on our data gathering for usage
within their apps. See also “ —We may not be successful in our efforts to further monetize our expanding user base
and streaming activity as we increase the amount of content offered and streamed across our platform, which may
harm our business. ” In addition, our streaming platform utilizes our proprietary Brightscript scripting language
to allow our content partners to develop and create apps on our streaming platform. Certain content partners may
find other languages, such
                                                        42                                                         
Table of Contents
as HTML5, more attractive to develop for and shift their resources to developing their apps on other platforms. If
key content partners do not find our streaming platform simple and attractive to develop apps for, do not value and
participate in all of the features and functionality that our streaming platform offers, or determine that our
software developer kit or new features of our platform do not meet their requirements, our business may be harmed.

If our users sign up for offerings and services outside of our streaming platform or through other apps on our
streaming platform, our business may be harmed.

We earn revenue by acquiring subscribers for certain of our content partners activated on or through our streaming
platform, including Premium Subscriptions on The Roku Channel, which allow our users to pay for content from
various content partners. If users reduce their use of our streaming platform for these purchases or subscriptions
for any reason, including opting to pay for services directly with content partners or by other means for which we
do not receive attribution, our business may be harmed.

In addition, certain apps available on our streaming platform allow users to purchase additional streaming services
from within those apps. The revenue we earn from these transactions, if any, is not always equivalent to the
revenue we earn from sales of such additional services on a stand-alone basis through our streaming platform. If
users increase their spending on such in-app transactions at the expense of stand-alone purchases through our
streaming platform, our business may be harmed.

Our growth depends in part on our ability to develop, maintain, and expand relationships with our licensed Roku TV
partners and manufacturing partners.

We license the Roku TV OS and our smart TV reference designs to certain TV brand and manufacturing partners for the
development, manufacture, and commercialization of licensed Roku TV models and, for a number of years, the sale of
Roku TV models by our licensed Roku TV partners has materially contributed to growth in our user base and Streaming
Hours and supported our platform monetization efforts. As our Roku TV licensing program has expanded to certain
markets outside the United States, international users are representing an increasing share of our user base. We
have developed, and intend to continue to develop and expand, relationships with these TV brand and manufacturing
partners as we continue to invest in the growth and expansion of our Roku TV program both in the United States and
international markets. We typically do not receive or expect license revenue from these license arrangements but
incur operating expenses to establish and support them. The economic benefits that we derive from these license
arrangements are and will likely continue to be indirect, primarily growth of our user base and increasing
Streaming Hours, and both enabling us to generate more streaming services distribution and advertising-related
revenue on our platform. If these arrangements do not continue to result in increased user base and Streaming
Hours, and if that growth does not in turn lead to successfully monetizing that increased user activity, our
business may be harmed. See also “ —We may not be successful in our efforts to further monetize our expanding user
base and streaming activity as we increase the amount of content offered and streamed across our platform, which
may harm our business. ”

The loss of a relationship with a licensed Roku TV partner (including as a result of our launch of Roku-branded TVs
that are designed, made, and sold by us) could harm our results of operations, damage our reputation, increase
pricing and promotional pressures from other partners and retail distribution channels, increase our marketing
costs, and result in the loss of revenue. If we are not successful in maintaining existing and creating new
relationships with any of these licensed Roku TV partners, or if we encounter technological, content licensing, or
other impediments to these relationships, our ability to grow or maintain our business could be adversely impacted.

Our Roku TV licensing arrangements are complex and time-consuming to negotiate and complete. Under these license
arrangements, we generally have limited or no control over the amount and timing of resources our licensing
partners may dedicate to the relationship. In the past, our licensed Roku TV partners have failed to meet their
forecasts and anticipated market launch dates for distributing Roku TV models, and they may fail to do so in the
future. If our licensed Roku TV partners fail to meet their forecasts or launch dates for distributing our
streaming devices or choose to deploy competing streaming solutions within their product lines, our business may be
harmed.

We and our licensed Roku TV partners depend on retail sales channels to effectively market and sell our respective
products, and if we or our partners fail to maintain and expand effective retail sales channels, we or our partners
could experience lower product sales.*

To continue to grow our user base, we must maintain and expand retail sales channels for our products and for the
Roku products sold by our partners or licensees. The majority of our products and our licensed Roku TV partners’
products are sold through traditional brick and mortar retailers, such as Best Buy, Costco, Target, and Walmart,
their respective online sales platforms, and traditional online retailers such as Amazon.

We also sell certain products directly through our website and internationally through distributors and retailers
such as Coppel in Mexico, Magazine Luiza in Brazil, MediaMarkt in Germany, and Currys in the United Kingdom. As we
are still a recent entrant in international markets, we may not have established a strong reputation or
relationships with retailers for those markets as compared to our retail sales channels in the United States or our
competitors in international markets. See also “ —We may be unable to successfully expand our international
operations, and our international expansion plans, if implemented, will subject us to a variety of risks that may
harm our business .”
                                                        43                                                         
Table of Contents
Our retailers and distributors also sell products that compete with our products and our licensed Roku TV partners’
products, including house-branded televisions sold by such retailers that utilize TV operating systems other than
the Roku TV OS. We have no minimum purchase commitments or long-term contracts with any of these retailers or
distributors, and there can be no assurance that we will reach agreements with our retailers and distributors on
terms we find acceptable or that will be consistent with our past practices.

We may be reliant on certain retailers or distributors. Amazon, Best Buy, Target, and Walmart in total accounted
for 83% of our devices revenue for each of the three months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024. Furthermore, our licensed
Roku TV partners may be reliant on the same or other retailers and distributors for a significant portion of their
unit sales of Roku TV models. If one or several retailers or distributors were to discontinue selling our or
licensed Roku TV partners’ products, choose not to prominently display those products in their stores or on their
websites, or close or severely limit access to their brick and mortar locations, the volume of our or our licensed
Roku TV partners’ products sold could decrease, which would harm our business. These risks may be exacerbated by
our reliance on certain retailers or distributors, or when a major retailer in a jurisdiction commercializes
televisions under brands that the retailer controls.

In addition, if any of our existing licensed Roku TV partners choose to work exclusively with, or divert a
significant portion of their business with us, to other operating system developers, this may adversely impact our
ability to continue to license the Roku TV OS and our smart TV reference design to TV brands and to grow our user
base and monetize the Roku TV OS. Traditional retailers have limited shelf and end cap space in their stores and
limited promotional budgets, and online retailers have limited prime website product placement space. Competition
is intense for these resources, and a competitor with more extensive product lines, stronger brand identity, and
greater marketing resources, such as Amazon or Google, possesses greater bargaining power with retailers. In
addition, one of our online retailers, Amazon, sells its own competitive streaming devices, smart TVs, and smart
home devices, is able to market and promote these products more prominently on its website, and could refuse to
offer or promote our products on its website. We also face increased competition with Walmart (which currently
makes and sells Onn. branded streaming products, including co-branded Roku TV models), in light of Walmart’s
acquisition of Vizio (which also makes and sells smart TVs with a proprietary operating system). See also “ —If our
efforts to build a strong brand and maintain customer satisfaction and loyalty are not successful, we may not be
able to attract or retain users, and our business may be harmed ” and “ —If we fail to differentiate our streaming
platform and compete successfully with our competitors, it will be difficult for us to attract and retain users and
our business will be adversely impacted. ” Any reduction in our ability to place and promote our products, or
increased competition for available shelf or website placement, could require us to increase our marketing or other
expenditures to maintain our product visibility or could result in reduced visibility for our products, which may
harm our business. In particular, the availability of product placement during peak retail periods, such as the
holiday season, is critical to our revenue growth, and if we are unable to effectively sell our products during
these periods, our business would be harmed.

If our efforts to build a strong brand and maintain customer satisfaction and loyalty are not successful, we may
not be able to attract or retain users, and our business may be harmed.

Building and maintaining a strong brand is important to attract and retain users, as potential users have a number
of TV streaming choices. Successfully building a brand is a time-consuming and comprehensive endeavor, and our
brand may be negatively impacted by factors, some which are beyond our control, such as the quality and reliability
of the Roku TV models made by our licensed Roku TV partners and the quality of the content provided by our content
partners. Our competitors may be able to achieve and maintain brand awareness and consumer demand for their
products more quickly and effectively than we can. Many of our competitors are larger companies and may have
greater resources to devote to the promotion of their brands through traditional advertising, digital advertising,
or website product placement. See also “ —If we fail to differentiate our streaming platform and compete
successfully with our competitors, it will be difficult for us to attract and retain users and our business will be
adversely impacted.” If we are unable to execute on building a strong brand, it may be difficult to differentiate
our business and streaming platform from our competitors in the marketplace, which may adversely affect our ability
to attract and retain users and harm our business.

Our streaming platform allows our users to choose from a wide variety of apps, representing a variety of content
from a wide range of content partners. While we have policies that prohibit the publication of content that is
unlawful, incites illegal activities, or violates third-party rights, among other things, we may distribute apps
that include controversial content. Controversies related to the content included on certain apps that we
distribute have resulted in, and could in the future result in, negative publicity, cause harm to our reputation
and brand, or subject us to claims and may harm our business.

If we encounter problems with the limited number of contract manufacturers we primarily depend upon, our operations
could be disrupted.*

We do not have any internal manufacturing capabilities and rely on a limited number of contract manufacturers to
build our players, smart home products, and Roku-branded TVs. Our contract manufacturers are vulnerable to, among
other issues:

• capacity constraints;

• reduced component availability;
                                                        44                                                         
Table of Contents
• production, supply chain, or shipping disruptions, delays, or increased costs, including from labor disputes,
strikes, mechanical issues, quality control issues, natural disasters, geopolitical conflicts, and public health
crises; and

• the impact of U.S. or foreign tariffs, trade, or sanctions restrictions on components, finished goods, software,
other products, or data transfers.

As a result, we have limited control over delivery schedules, manufacturing yields, and costs, particularly when
components are in short supply or when we introduce new products.

We also have limited control over our contract manufacturers’ quality systems and controls, and therefore must rely
on them to manufacture our products to our quality and performance standards and specifications. Delays, component
shortages, quality issues, and other manufacturing and supply problems in the past have impaired, and could in the
future impair, the retail distribution of our products and ultimately our brand. Furthermore, any adverse change in
our contract manufacturers’ financial or business condition could disrupt our ability to supply our products to our
retailers and distributors.

We also rely upon our contract manufacturers and other contractors to perform some of the development work on our
products. The contract manufacturers or other contractors may be unwilling or unable to successfully complete
desired development or fix defects or errors in a timely manner. Delays in development work by contract
manufacturers or contractors could delay launch of new or improved products.

Our contracts with our contract manufacturers generally may not contain terms that protect us against development,
manufacturing, and supply disruptions or risks. For example, such contracts may not obligate our contract
manufacturers to supply our products in any specific quantity or at any specific price. If our contract
manufacturers are unable to fulfill our production requirements in a timely manner, if their costs increase because
of inflationary pressures, U.S. or international tariffs, sanctions, export or import restrictions, or if they
decide to terminate their relationship with us, our order fulfillment may be delayed or terminated, and we would
have to attempt to identify, select, and qualify acceptable alternative contract manufacturers.

Alternative contract manufacturers may not be available to us when needed or may not be in a position to satisfy
our production requirements at commercially reasonable prices, to our quality and performance standards on a timely
basis, or at all. Any significant interruption in manufacturing at our contract manufacturers for any reason could
require us to reduce our supply of products to our retailers and distributors, which in turn would reduce our
revenue, or incur higher freight costs than anticipated, which would negatively impact our devices gross margin.

In addition, our contract manufacturers’ facilities, and the facilities of our contract manufacturers’ suppliers,
are located in various geographic areas that may be subject to political, economic, labor, trade, public health,
social, and legal uncertainties, including Brazil, China, Mexico, Taiwan, Thailand, and Vietnam, and such
uncertainties may harm or disrupt our relationships with these parties or their ability to perform. For example, if
the tensions between Taiwan and China escalate and impact the operations of our contract manufacturers and their
Taiwanese suppliers, our supply chain and our business could be adversely affected. We believe that the
international location of these facilities increases supply risk, including the risk of supply interruptions,
tariffs, and trade restrictions on exports or imports.

The supply of Roku TV models to the market could be disrupted if our licensed Roku TV partners encounter problems
with their internal operations or with their contract manufacturers, assemblers, or component suppliers.

Some of our licensed Roku TV partners have internal manufacturing capabilities, while others rely primarily or
exclusively upon contract manufacturers to build the Roku TV models that our licensed Roku TV partners sell to
retailers. Regardless of whether their manufacturing capabilities are internal or contracted, our licensed Roku TV
partners’ manufacturers may be vulnerable to capacity constraints and reduced component availability; increases in
tariffs on imports of Roku TV models; future possible changes in regulations on exports; restrictions, by the
United States or otherwise, on dealings with certain countries, companies, or imported inputs; tariffs on parts or
components for Roku TV models; and supply chain disruptions, increased shipping costs, and shipping delays.

Our licensed Roku TV partners’ control over delivery schedules, manufacturing yields, and costs, particularly when
components are in short supply, may be limited. For those licensed Roku TV partners with contract manufacturers or
suppliers, the problems are exacerbated because the contract manufacturer is a third party, and the licensed Roku
TV partner does not have direct visibility into or control over the operations. Delays, component shortages, and
other manufacturing and supply problems could impair the manufacture or distribution of Roku TV models.
Interruptions in the supply of Roku TV models to retailers and distributors or increases in the pricing of Roku TV
models at times have negatively affected, and could adversely affect in the future, the volume of Roku TV models
sold at retail, resulting in slower user base and Streaming Hours growth.

Furthermore, any manufacturing, design, or other issues affecting the quality or performance of Roku TV models
could harm our brand and our business.
                                                        45                                                         
Table of Contents
If we fail to accurately forecast our manufacturing requirements for our products and manage our inventory with our
contract manufacturers, we could incur additional costs, experience manufacturing delays, and lose revenue.

We bear risks of excess and insufficient inventories under our contract manufacturing arrangements. For example,
our contract manufacturers order materials and components in advance in an effort to meet our projected needs for
our products. Lead times for the materials and components that our contract manufacturers order on our behalf
through different component suppliers may vary significantly and depend on numerous factors outside of our control,
including the specific supplier, contract terms, shipping and freight, market demand for a component at a given
time, and trade and government relations. Lead times for certain key materials and components incorporated into our
products are currently lengthy and may require our contract manufacturers to order materials and components many
months in advance. If we overestimate our production requirements, our contract manufacturers may purchase excess
components and build excess inventory. If our contract manufacturers, at our request, purchase excess components or
build excess products, we could be required to pay for these excess components or products. In the past, we have
agreed to reimburse our contract manufacturers for purchased components that were not used as a result of our
decision to discontinue a certain model or the use of particular components. If we incur costs to cover excess
supply commitments, our business may be harmed.

Conversely, if we underestimate our product requirements, our contract manufacturers may have inadequate material
or component inventory, which could interrupt the manufacturing of our products, result in insufficient quantities
available to meet demand, and result in delays or cancellation of orders from retailers and distributors. In
addition, from time to time we have experienced unanticipated increases in demand that resulted in the need to ship
our products via air freight, which is more expensive than ocean freight, and adversely affected our devices gross
margin during such periods of high demand (for example, during end-of-year holidays). If we fail to accurately
forecast our manufacturing requirements, our business may be harmed.

Our products incorporate key components from sole source suppliers, and if our contract manufacturers are unable to
obtain sufficient quantities of these components on a timely basis, we will not be able to deliver our products to
our retailers and distributors.

We depend on sole source suppliers for key components in our products. For example, each of our streaming players
and TVs powered by the Roku TV OS may utilize a specific system on chip (or SoC), Wi-Fi silicon product, and Wi-Fi
front-end module, each of which may be available from only a single manufacturer and for which we do not have a
second source.

Although this approach allows us to maximize product performance on lower cost hardware, reduce engineering
development and qualification costs, and develop stronger relationships with our strategic suppliers, this also
creates supply chain risk. These sole-source suppliers could be constrained by fabrication capacity issues or
material supply issues, such as U.S. or foreign tariffs, war or other government or trade relations issues, other
export or import restrictions on parts or components for finished products that are used in final assembly of their
components (or on the finished products themselves), or shortages of key components.

There is also a risk that the strategic supplier may stop producing such components, cease operations, be acquired
by or enter into exclusive arrangements with our competitors or other companies, put contract manufacturers on
allocation because of semiconductor shortages, or become subject to U.S. or foreign sanctions or export control
restrictions or penalties. Such suppliers have experienced, and may in the future experience, production, shipping,
or logistical constraints arising from macroeconomic conditions or other circumstances, such as inflationary
pressures, geopolitical conflicts, and supply chain disruptions. Such interruptions and delays have in the past and
may in the future force us to seek similar components from alternative sources, which may not always be available,
and which may cause us to delay product introductions and incur air freight expense. Switching from a sole-source
supplier may require that we adapt our software and redesign our products to accommodate new chips and components,
and may require us to re-qualify our products with regulatory bodies, such as the U.S. Federal Communications
Commission (“FCC”), which would be costly and time-consuming.

Our reliance on sole-source suppliers involves a number of additional risks, including risks related to: supplier
capacity constraints; price increases, including those related to inflationary pressures, tariffs, and material
costs; timely delivery; component quality; and delays in, or the inability to execute on, a supplier roadmap for
components and technologies. Any interruption in the supply of sole-source components for our products could
adversely affect our ability to meet scheduled product deliveries to our retailers and distributors, result in lost
sales and higher expenses, and harm our business.

If our products do not operate effectively with various offerings, technologies, and systems from content partners
and other third parties that we do not control, our business may be harmed.*

The Roku TV OS is designed to perform using relatively low-cost hardware, which enables us to drive user growth via
Roku streaming devices offered at a low cost to users. However, this hardware must be interoperable with all apps
and other offerings, technologies, and systems from our content partners, including virtual multi-channel video
programming distributors, and other third parties. We have no control over these offerings, technologies, and
systems beyond our app certification requirements, and if Roku streaming devices do not provide our users with a
high-quality experience on those offerings on a cost-effective basis or if changes are made to those offerings that
are not compatible
                                                        46                                                         
Table of Contents
with Roku streaming devices, we may be unable to increase user base growth and user engagement or may be required
to increase our hardware costs, and our business will be harmed.

We plan to continue to introduce new products regularly, including, for example, the new Roku streaming devices and
product enhancements we announced in April 2025, and we have experienced that it takes time to optimize such
products to function well with these offerings, technologies and systems. In addition, many of our largest content
partners have the right to test and certify our new products before we can publish their apps. The certification
processes can be time-consuming and introduce third-party dependencies into our product release cycles. If our
content partners do not certify new products on a timely basis or require us to make changes in order to obtain
certifications, our product release plans may be adversely impacted, we may not be able to offer certain products
to all licensed Roku TV partners or we may not continue to offer certain apps. To continue to grow our user base
and user engagement, we will need to prioritize development of Roku streaming devices to work better with new
offerings, technologies, and systems. If we are unable to maintain consistent operability of Roku streaming devices
that is on parity with or better than other platforms, our business could be harmed.

In addition, any future changes to offerings, technologies, and systems from our content partners may impact the
accessibility, speed, functionality, and other performance aspects of Roku streaming devices. We may not
successfully develop Roku streaming devices that operate effectively with these offerings, technologies, or
systems. If it becomes more difficult for our users to access and use these offerings, technologies, or systems,
our business could be harmed.

Our products are complex and may contain hardware defects and software errors, which could manifest themselves in
ways that could harm our reputation and our business.*

Our products and the products of our licensed Roku TV partners are complex and have in the past contained, and may
in the future contain, hardware defects or software errors. These defects and errors can manifest themselves in any
number of ways in our products or our streaming platform, including through diminished performance, security
vulnerabilities, data loss or poor quality, device malfunctions, account inactivity, or even permanently disabled
products. Some errors may only be discovered after a product has been shipped and used by users and may in some
cases only be detected under certain circumstances or after extended use. We update our software on a regular
basis, and, despite our quality assurance processes, we have in the past introduced, and may in the future
introduce, software errors in the process of any such updates.

The introduction of a serious software error could result in products becoming permanently disabled. We offer a
limited warranty for our products, in accordance with applicable law, however, providing software updates, product
support, and other activities could cause us to be responsible for issues with products for an extended period of
time. Any defects discovered in our products after commercial release could result in loss of revenue or delay in
revenue recognition, loss of customer goodwill and users, and increased service costs, any of which could harm our
business, operating results, and financial condition. We could also face claims for product or information
liability, tort or breach of warranty, or other violations of laws or regulations. In addition, our contracts with
our end users contain provisions relating to warranty disclaimers and liability limitations, which may not be
upheld. Defending a lawsuit, regardless of its merit, is costly and may divert management’s attention and adversely
affect the market’s perception of Roku and our products. In addition, if our insurance coverage proves inadequate
or future coverage is unavailable on acceptable terms or at all, our business could be harmed.

Components used in our products may fail as a result of manufacturing, design, or other defects that were unknown
to us or over which we have no control and may render our products permanently inoperable.

We rely on third-party component suppliers to provide certain functionalities needed for the operation and use of
our products. Any errors or defects in such third-party technology could result in errors or defects in our
products that could harm our business. If these components have a manufacturing, design, or other defect, they
could cause our products to fail and could render them permanently inoperable. For example, the typical means by
which our users connect their home networks to our players is by way of a Wi-Fi access point in the home network
router. If the Wi-Fi receiver or transmitter in a player fails and cannot detect a home network’s Wi-Fi access
point, the player will not be able to display or deliver any content to the TV screen. As a result, we may have to
recall and replace defective products, which could be at a considerable expense. In addition, if our insurance
coverage proves inadequate or future coverage is unavailable on acceptable terms or at all, our business could be
harmed. Should we have a widespread problem of this kind, our reputation in the market could also be adversely
affected.

If we are unable to obtain or maintain necessary or desirable licenses, certifications, or approvals related to our
use or support of third-party technology, intellectual property, or services then our ability to develop and
introduce new products and services, and continue to manufacture, update, and commercialize existing products and
services, may be impaired.

We use or enable in our products and services certain industry standard and other technology, intellectual
property, and services that are obtained from third parties. In order to continue to make, distribute, update, and
commercialize existing products and services and introduce and commercialize new products and services that use a
third-party technology, we may be required to maintain certain licenses, certifications, and approvals from the
relevant third parties. The licenses, certifications, and approvals we need to obtain may be or become unavailable
to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If we are unable to obtain or maintain necessary third-party
licenses,
                                                        47                                                         
Table of Contents
certifications, or approvals, we may have to obtain substitute technologies, intellectual property, or services
with lower quality or performance standards, or at a greater cost, or remove desired functions and features from
our products and services, any of which could harm customer and partner relationships, as well as the
competitiveness of our products, services, and business.

Our products and services are designed to be compatible with numerous industry standards. In many cases, these
industry standards have numerous associated patents known generally as standard essential patents (“SEPs”). Over
time, SEP owners have increasingly turned away from licensing their SEPs through patent pools, preferring to
license their portfolios directly. This has increased the number of licensors (since the patents are not pooled)
and increased the time, cost, and difficulty of SEP licensing. If we are unable to obtain a license to a necessary
SEP on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or find a suitable substitute technology that complies with the
industry standard, our customer and partner relationships, as well as the competitiveness of our products and
services, and our business may be harmed. See also “ —We must continue to innovate and develop new and existing
products and services to remain competitive, and new products and services expose our business to new risks. ”

We must continue to innovate and develop new and existing products and services to remain competitive, and new
products and services expose our business to new risks.

We must continually innovate and improve our products and services and develop new products and services to meet
changing consumer demands. The introduction of a new product or service is a complex process, involving significant
expenditures in research and development, promotion, and sales channel development, and can expose our business to
new risks. The introduction of new products and services or changes to our existing products and services may
result in new or enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, new litigation or claims, or other complications
that could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results. In addition, our entrance into entirely
new lines of business beyond our historical core business of TV streaming and advertising, such as our Roku-branded
smart home products, may change our risk profile and subject us to risks that differ from the risks we face as a
result of our historical TV streaming business.

Whether users will broadly adopt our new products or services is not certain. Our future success will depend on our
ability to develop new and competitively priced products and services and add new desirable content and features to
our streaming platform. Moreover, we must introduce new products and services in a timely and cost-effective
manner, and we must secure production orders for new products from our contract manufacturers. See also “ —If
popular or new content publishers do not publish content on our streaming platform, we may fail to retain existing
users and attract new users. ”

The successful development and introduction of new products and services depends on a number of factors, including:

• the accuracy of our forecasts for market requirements beyond near-term visibility;

• our ability to anticipate and react to new technologies and evolving consumer trends;

• our development, licensing, or acquisition of new technologies;

• our timely completion of new designs and development;

• our ability to timely and adequately redesign or resolve design or manufacturing or security issues;

• our ability to identify and contract with appropriate manufacturers;

• the ability of our contract manufacturers to cost-effectively manufacture our products, produce quality products,
and minimize defects, manufacturing mishaps, shipping costs, and delays;

• the availability of materials and key components used in manufacturing;

• tariffs, trade, sanctions, and export restrictions by the U.S. or foreign governments;

• our ability to comply with regulatory requirements; and

• our ability to attract and retain high quality research and development personnel.

If any of these or other factors materializes, we may not be able to develop and introduce new products or services
in a timely or cost-effective manner, and our business may be harmed. We do not expect that all of our new products
and services will be successful.

We are incorporating AI technologies into some of our products and services, which may present operational and
reputational risks.

We have incorporated and intend to continue to incorporate AI technologies, such as generative AI, into our
products and services. For example, we have introduced a generative-driven ad creation service for our advertisers
to help them create ads more easily, and we continue to use AI technologies to power our content recommendation
engine and our content row on the Roku Home Screen. As with many innovations, AI presents risks and challenges that
could adversely impact our business. AI technologies can create accuracy issues, unintended biases, and
discriminatory outcomes, or may create content that appears correct but is inaccurate or flawed. If the
recommendations, content, or analyses that AI applications produce are or are alleged to be deficient or
inaccurate, we could be subjected to competitive harm, potential legal liability, and brand or reputational harm.
The legal and regulatory landscape surrounding AI technologies is rapidly evolving and uncertain, including in the
areas of intellectual property,
                                                        48                                                         
Table of Contents
cybersecurity, and privacy and data protection. For example, there is uncertainty around the validity and
enforceability of intellectual property rights related to the use, development, and deployment of AI technologies.
Compliance with new or changing laws, regulations or industry standards relating to AI may impose significant
operational costs and may limit our ability to develop, deploy, or use AI technologies. See also “ —If government
regulations or laws relating to the internet, video, advertising, or other areas of our business change, we may
need to alter the manner in which we conduct our business, or our business could be harmed. ” There can be no
assurance that the measures we have taken to mitigate the potential risks related to generative AI will be
sufficient. Failure to appropriately respond to this evolving landscape may result in legal liability, regulatory
action, or brand and reputational harm.

If we fail to provide adequate levels of quality customer support, we could lose users, advertisers, content
partners, and licensed Roku TV partners, which could harm our business.

A high level of support is critical for the success of our business, and our users depend on this support to
resolve issues relating to our products and our streaming platform. We currently outsource the majority of our
customer support operation to a third-party customer support organization which provides support to end users and
licensees. If we do not effectively train, update, and manage our third-party customer support organization to
assist our users and licensees, and if that support organization does not succeed in helping them quickly resolve
issues or provide effective ongoing support, it could adversely affect our ability to monetize our streaming
platform, to sell our products to users and could harm our reputation with potential new customers and our
licensees.
                                                                                                                   
   Risks Related to Operating and Growing Our Business                                                             
                                                                                                                   
We have incurred operating losses in the past, and although we have achieved profitability in certain quarters, we
may incur operating losses in the future and may not be able to achieve profitability again in the near term or at
all.*

We have incurred operating losses in the past, and we may incur operating losses in the future. Although we
achieved profitability in certain quarters, we may not be able to achieve profitability again in the near term or
at all. As of June 30, 2025, we had an accumulated deficit of $1,443.9 million. Our operating expenses have
increased in the past and may increase again in the future as we expand our operations and invest in growth and new
areas. If our revenue and gross profit do not grow at a greater rate than our operating expenses, we may not be
able to achieve profitability again. We expect our profitability to fluctuate in the future for a number of
reasons, including without limitation the other risks and uncertainties described herein. Additionally, we may
encounter unforeseen operating or legal expenses, difficulties, complications, delays, and other factors that may
result in losses in future periods.

Our quarterly operating results may be volatile and are difficult to predict, and our stock price may decline if we
fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors.*

Our revenue, gross profit, key performance metrics, and other operating results could vary significantly from
quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year and may fail to match our past performance due to a variety of factors,
including many factors that are outside of our control. Factors that may contribute to the variability of our
operating results and cause the market price of our Class A common stock to fluctuate include:

• the entrance of new competitors or competitive products or services;

• our ability to retain and grow our user base, increase engagement among new and existing users, and monetize our
streaming platform;

• our ability to maintain effective pricing practices in response to competitive market conditions or other
macroeconomic factors, such as increased taxes, inflation, or tariffs, and our ability to control costs, including
our operating expenses;

• our revenue mix, which drives gross profit;

• supply of advertising inventory on our platform and advertiser demand for such inventory;

• seasonal, cyclical, or other shifts in revenue from advertising or product sales;

• the timing of the launch of new or updated products, apps, or features;

• the addition or removal of content or apps from our streaming platform;

• the expense and availability of content to license or produce for The Roku Channel;

• the ability of retailers to anticipate consumer demand;

• an increase in the manufacturing or component costs of our products or partner-branded products;

• delays in delivery of our products or partner-branded products, or disruptions in our or our partners’ supply or
distribution chains; and

• an increase in legal costs, including costs associated with protecting our intellectual property, defending
against intellectual property infringement allegations, or procuring rights to intellectual property.

See also “—The market price of our Class A common stock has been, and may continue to be, volatile, and the value
of our Class A common stock may decline.”
                                                        49                                                         
Table of Contents
Our gross margins vary across our devices and platform offerings. Our devices segment experienced negative gross
margin for the three months ended June 30, 2025, and our platform segment experienced positive gross margin for the
three months ended June 30, 2025. Gross margins on our streaming devices vary across models and can change over
time as a result of product transitions, pricing and configuration changes, component costs, device returns, and
other cost fluctuations (including due to the impact of tariffs or other trade restrictions).

In addition, our gross margin and operating margin percentages, as well as overall profitability, may be adversely
impacted as a result of a shift in device, geographic, or retail sales channel mix, component cost increases, price
competition, or the introduction of new products, including those that have higher cost structures with flat or
reduced pricing. We have in the past and may in the future strategically reduce our devices gross margin or record
negative gross margin on devices in an effort to grow our user base and gross profit.

As a result, our devices segment revenue may not increase as rapidly as it has in the past, or at all, and, unless
we are able to continue to increase our platform segment revenue and grow our user base, we may be unable to grow
gross profit and our business will be harmed. For example, from time to time, global supply chain disruptions have
resulted in shipping delays, increased shipping costs, component shortages, and increases in component prices,
which negatively affected our devices gross margin. If a reduction in devices gross margin does not result in an
increase in our user base or an increase in our platform revenue and gross profit, our financial results may
suffer, and our business may be harmed. In addition, our platform segment has experienced in the past, and may
experience in the future, lower gross margins than we anticipate. If our platform gross margins are lower than we
anticipate, our financial results may suffer, and our business may be harmed.

If we have difficulty managing our growth in operating expenses, our business could be harmed.

From time to time, we have experienced significant growth in our research and development, sales and marketing,
support services, operations, and general and administrative functions, and we may expand certain of these
activities in the future. Our historical growth has placed, and any future growth will continue to place,
significant demands on our management, as well as our financial and operational resources, to:

• manage a larger organization;

• hire more employees, including engineers with relevant skills and experience;

• expand internationally;

• increase our sales and marketing efforts;

• expand the capacity to manufacture and distribute our products;

• broaden our customer support capabilities;

• expand our product offerings;

• support our licensed Roku TV partners;

• expand and improve the content offering on our streaming platform;

• implement appropriate operational and financial systems; and

• maintain effective financial disclosure controls and procedures.

If we fail to manage our growth effectively, including if we grow our business too rapidly, we may not be able to
execute our business strategies, which could harm our business and adversely affect our financial condition,
results of operations, or cash flows.

We have previously undertaken restructuring plans to adjust our investment priorities and manage our operating
expenses, and we may do so again in the future. We have incurred, and may in the future incur, material costs and
charges in connection with restructuring plans and initiatives, and there can be no assurance that any
restructuring plans and initiatives will be successful. Any restructuring plans may adversely affect our internal
programs and our ability to recruit and retain skilled and motivated personnel, may result in a loss of continuity,
loss of accumulated knowledge, or inefficiency during transitional periods, may require a significant amount of
employees’ time and focus, and may be distracting to employees, which may divert attention from operating and
growing our business. For more information, see Note 17 to the condensed consolidated financial statements in Part
I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report.

If we fail to achieve some or all of the expected benefits of any restructuring plans or are unable to manage our
growth and expansion plans effectively, which may be impacted by factors outside of our control, our business,
operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected.

We may be unable to successfully expand our international operations, and our international expansion plans, if
implemented, will subject us to a variety of risks that may harm our business.*

We currently generate the vast majority of our revenue in the United States and have limited experience marketing,
selling, licensing, and supporting our products and running or monetizing our streaming platform outside the United
States. In addition, we have limited experience managing the administrative aspects of a global organization. While
we intend to continue to explore opportunities to expand our business in international markets in which we see
compelling opportunities, we may not be able to create or maintain international market demand for our products and
streaming platform services. Moreover, we face intense competition in international markets, especially because
some of
                                                        50                                                         
Table of Contents
our competitors have already successfully introduced their products into new markets we are entering, have greater
experience managing a global organization, and have greater resources.

In the course of expanding our international operations, we are subject to a variety of risks that could adversely
affect our business, including:

• differing and evolving legal and regulatory requirements in foreign jurisdictions, including laws and regulations
pertaining to data privacy and security, consumer protection, tax, telecommunications, trade (including tariffs,
quotas, and sanctions), labor, environmental protection, censorship and other content restrictions, AI
technologies, intellectual property, and local content and advertising requirements, among others;

• exposure to increased corruption risk and compliance with laws such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, UK
Bribery Act, and other anti-corruption laws, U.S. or foreign export controls and sanctions, and local laws
requiring the maintenance of accurate books and records and a system of sufficient internal controls;

• slower consumer adoption and acceptance of streaming devices and services in other countries;

• different or unique competitive pressures, including as a result of competition with other devices that consumers
may use to stream TV or existing local traditional TV services and products, including those provided by incumbent
TV service providers and local consumer electronics companies;

• greater difficulty supporting and localizing Roku streaming devices and our streaming platform, including
delivering support and training documentation in languages other than English;

• our ability to deliver or provide access to popular streaming apps or content to users in certain international
markets;

• availability of reliable broadband connectivity in areas targeted for expansion;

• challenges and costs associated with staffing and managing foreign operations;

• differing legal and court systems, including limited or unfavorable intellectual property protection;

• unstable political and economic conditions, social unrest, or economic instability, including due to pandemics,
natural disasters, wars, terrorist activity, foreign invasions (such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine), tariffs,
trade disputes, local or global recessions, diplomatic or economic tensions (such as the tension between China and
Taiwan and the tension in the Middle East), long-term environmental risks, or climate change;

• adverse tax consequences, such as those related to changes in tax laws (including increased tax rates, the
imposition of digital services taxes, and the adoption of global corporate minimum taxes and anti-base-erosion
rules), changes in the interpretation of existing tax laws, and the heightened scrutiny by tax administrators of
companies that have cross-border business activities;

• the imposition of customs duties on cross-border data flows for streaming services, such as in the event that the
World Trade Organization (WTO) fails to extend the current moratorium on such duties or the moratorium is applied
only among WTO member states that support a new e-commerce agreement;

• pandemics or epidemics, which could result in decreased economic activity in certain markets, changes in the use
of our products or platform, or decreased ability to import, export, ship, or sell our products to supply such
services to existing or new customers in international markets;

• inflationary pressures, which may increase costs for materials, supplies, and services;

• fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could impact the revenue and expenses of our international
operations and expose us to foreign currency exchange rate risk (see the section titled “Foreign Currency Exchange
Rate Risk” in Part I, Item 3 of this Quarterly Report);

• restrictions on the repatriation of earnings from certain jurisdictions; and

• working capital constraints.

In addition, we may face challenges in successfully deploying our three-phased business model—grow scale, grow
engagement, and grow monetization—in international markets. Even if we are able to increase our user base in
international markets, we may be unable to effectively grow our Streaming Hours or monetize user activity in those
markets. If we invest substantial time and resources to expand our international operations and are unable to do so
successfully and in a timely manner, our business and financial condition may be harmed.

Our revenue and gross profit are subject to seasonality and other potential fluctuations, and if our sales during
the affected periods fall below our expectations, our business may be harmed.

Seasonality and certain one-time events significantly affect our business. For example, our revenue and gross
profit are traditionally strongest in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year due to higher consumer purchases and
increased advertising during holiday seasons. Furthermore, in preparation for the fourth quarter holiday season, we
recognize significant discounts in the average selling prices of our products through retailers in an effort to
grow our user base, which typically reduce our devices gross margin in the fourth quarter. Additionally, certain
other events have in the past, and may in the future, impact the amount of advertising spending on our platform.

Given the seasonal and often irregular nature of advertising and our product sales, as well as other potential
fluctuations, accurate forecasting is critical to our operations. We anticipate that such impact on revenue and
gross profit is likely to continue, and any shortfall in expected fourth quarter revenue due to a decline in the
effectiveness of our
                                                        51                                                         
Table of Contents
promotional activities, actions by our competitors, reductions in consumer discretionary spending, curtailed
advertising spending, disruptions in our supply or distribution chains, tariffs or other restrictions on trade,
increased shipping costs, shipping or air freight delays, or for any other reason, would cause our full year
results of operations to suffer significantly. For example, delays or disruptions at U.S. ports of entry have in
the past, and may in the future, adversely affect our or our licensed Roku TV partners’ ability to timely deliver
products to retailers during holiday seasons.

A substantial portion of our expenses are personnel-related (including salaries, stock-based compensation, and
benefits) and facilities-related, none of which are seasonal in nature. Accordingly, in the event of a revenue
shortfall, we would be unable to mitigate the negative impact on gross profit and operating margins, at least in
the short term, and our business would be harmed.

If we fail to attract and retain key personnel, effectively manage succession, or hire, develop, and motivate our
employees, we may not be able to execute our business strategy or continue to grow our business.

Our success depends in large part on our ability to attract and retain key personnel on our senior management team
and in our engineering, research and development, sales and marketing, operations, and other organizations. In
particular, our founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Anthony Wood, is critical to our overall management,
as well as the continued development of our products and streaming platform, our culture, and our strategic
direction. We do not have long-term employment or non-competition agreements with any of our key personnel. The
loss of one or more of our executive officers or the inability to promptly identify a suitable successor to a key
role could have an adverse effect on our business.

Our ability to compete and grow depends in large part on the efforts and talents of our employees. Labor is subject
to external factors that are beyond our control, including our industry’s highly competitive market for skilled
workers and leaders, cost inflation, workforce participation rates, and unstable political conditions. Our
employees, particularly engineers and other product developers, are in demand, and we devote significant resources
to identifying, hiring, training, successfully integrating, and retaining these employees. To attract top talent,
we generally offer competitive compensation packages before we can validate the productivity of those employees. In
addition, some companies offer a remote or hybrid work environment, which may increase the competition for
employees from employers outside of our traditional office locations. To retain employees, we have in the past and
may in the future need to increase our employee compensation levels or other benefits in response to competition
and other business and macroeconomic factors. The loss of employees or the inability to hire additional skilled
employees necessary to support our growth could result in significant disruptions to our business, and the
integration of replacement personnel could be time-consuming and expensive and cause disruptions.

We believe a critical component to our success and our ability to retain our best people is our culture. As we
continue to grow, we may find it difficult to maintain our entrepreneurial, execution-focused culture. In addition,
past or any additional workforce reductions could harm employee morale and negatively impact employee recruiting
and retention.

We need to maintain operational and financial systems that can support our expected growth, increasingly complex
business arrangements, and rules governing revenue and expense recognition, and any inability or failure to do so
could adversely affect our financial reporting, billing, and payment services.

We have a complex business that is growing in size and complexity both in the United States and in international
jurisdictions. To manage our growth and our increasingly complex business operations, especially as we move into
new markets internationally or acquire new businesses, we will need to maintain and may need to upgrade our
operational and financial systems and procedures, which requires management time and may result in significant
additional expense. Our business arrangements with our content partners, advertisers, licensed Roku TV partners,
and other licensees, and the rules that govern revenue and expense recognition in our business, are increasingly
complex.

To manage the expected growth of our operations and increasing complexity, we must maintain operational and
financial systems, procedures, and controls and continue to increase systems automation to reduce reliance on
manual operations. An inability to do so will negatively affect our financial reporting, billing, and payment
services. Our current and planned systems, procedures, and controls may not be adequate to support our complex
arrangements and the rules governing revenue and expense recognition for our future operations and expected growth.
Delays or problems associated with any improvement or expansion of our operational and financial systems and
controls could adversely affect our relationships with our users, content partners, advertisers, advertisement
agencies, licensed Roku TV partners, or other licensees; cause harm to our reputation and brand; and result in
errors in our financial and other reporting.

We may pursue acquisitions involving a number of risks, which could harm our business if not successfully
addressed.*

We have acquired, and may in the future acquire, businesses, products, or technologies to expand our offerings and
capabilities, user base, and business. For example, in May 2025, we acquired Frndly TV, Inc., a subscription
streaming service that offers live TV, on-demand video and cloud-based DVR for an affordable price, to support our
focus on growing Platform revenue and Roku-billed subscriptions. We have evaluated, and expect to continue to
evaluate, a wide array of potential strategic transactions; however, we have limited experience completing or
integrating acquisitions. Any acquisition could be material to our financial condition and results of operations,
and any anticipated benefits from an acquisition may never materialize.
                                                        52                                                         
Table of Contents
Acquisitions may require the expenditure of cash, dilutive issuances of equity securities, or the incurrence of
debt, which could adversely affect our operating results, result in unfavorable accounting treatment, and expose us
to claims and disputes by third parties, including intellectual property claims. Acquisitions may not generate
sufficient financial returns to offset additional costs and expenses related to the acquisitions.

In addition, the process of integrating acquired businesses, products, or technologies may create unforeseen
operating difficulties and expenditures, in particular when the acquired businesses, products, or technologies
involve areas of operation in which we have limited or no prior experience. Acquisitions of businesses, products,
or technologies in international markets would involve additional risks, including those related to integration of
operations across different cultures and languages, currency risks, and the particular economic, political, and
regulatory risks associated with specific countries. We may not be able to address these risks successfully, or at
all, without incurring significant costs, delays, or other operational problems, and if we were unable to address
such risks successfully, our business could be harmed.

Our credit facility provides our lenders with a first-priority lien against substantially all of our assets and
contains financial covenants and other restrictions on our actions that may limit our operational flexibility or
otherwise adversely affect our financial condition.*

On September 16, 2024, we entered into a credit agreement (the “Credit Agreement”), by and among us, as borrower,
certain of our subsidiaries, as guarantors, the lenders and issuing banks party thereto, and Citibank N.A., as
administrative agent (the “Agent”), providing for (i) a five-year revolving credit facility in an aggregate
principal amount of up to $300.0 million, and (ii) an uncommitted increase option of up to an additional $300.0
million exercisable upon the satisfaction of certain customary conditions. The Credit Agreement provides for a
$100.0 million sub-facility for the issuance of letters of credit, and certain existing letters of credit were
deemed outstanding under this facility. The Credit Agreement will mature on September 16, 2029. Proceeds from the
Credit Agreement may be used for general corporate purposes, including to finance working capital requirements. As
of June 30, 2025, we had not borrowed against the Credit Agreement.

The Credit Agreement contains financial covenants requiring the maintenance of a minimum interest coverage ratio
and a maximum total net leverage ratio, as well as customary events of default, the occurrence of which could
result in amounts borrowed under the Credit Agreement becoming due and payable and remaining commitments terminated
prior to the initial termination date on September 16, 2029. The Credit Agreement also contains a number of
customary affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, impose restrictions, subject to certain
exceptions, on indebtedness, liens, fundamental changes, investments, asset dispositions, restricted payments,
dividends and distributions, prepayment of other indebtedness, transactions with affiliates, restrictive
agreements, amendments of material documents, and the abandonment of intellectual property. The obligations under
the Credit Agreement, along with certain swap and banking services obligations, are secured by substantially all
the assets of us and our subsidiaries that are guarantors under the Credit Agreement, except for certain customary
excluded assets.

As of June 30, 2025, we were in compliance with all of the covenants of the Credit Agreement. However, if we fail
to comply with the covenants, fail to make payments as specified in the Credit Agreement, or undergo any other
event of default contained in the Credit Agreement, the Agent could declare an event of default, which would give
it the right to terminate the commitments to provide additional loans and declare any borrowings outstanding,
together with accrued and unpaid interest and fees, to be immediately due and payable. In addition, the Agent would
have the right to proceed against the assets we provided as collateral pursuant to the Credit Agreement. If any
future outstanding debt under the Credit Agreement is accelerated, we may not have sufficient cash or be able to
sell sufficient assets to repay it, which would harm our business and financial condition.
We may require additional capital to meet our financial obligations and support planned business growth, and this
capital might not be available on acceptable terms or at all.
We intend to continue to make significant investments to support planned business growth and may require additional
funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new products and enhance our streaming
platform, continue to expand the content on our platform, maintain adequate levels of inventory to support our
retail partners’ demand requirements, improve our operating infrastructure, or acquire complementary businesses,
personnel, and technologies. Our primary uses of cash include operating costs such as personnel-related expenses
and capital spending. Our future capital requirements may vary materially from those currently planned and will
depend on many factors including our growth rate and the continuing market acceptance of our products and streaming
platform, along with the timing and effort related to the introduction of new platform features, products, the
hiring of experienced personnel, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, as well as overall economic
conditions.

We may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise additional funds through
future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our then existing stockholders could suffer significant
dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges superior to those
of holders of our Class A common stock. Any debt financing we secure could involve additional restrictive covenants
relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more
difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential
acquisitions. If we were to violate such restrictive covenants, we could incur penalties, increased expenses, and
an acceleration of the payment terms of our outstanding debt, which could in turn harm our business.
                                                        53                                                         
Table of Contents
Our Credit Agreement matures on September 16, 2029. While we may enter into a new credit agreement in the future,
we currently have no other committed source of financing, and we may not be able to obtain additional financing on
terms favorable to us. Any future credit agreements we may enter into could require a lien on our assets or contain
financial covenants and other restrictions that may limit our operational flexibility or otherwise adversely affect
our financial condition. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us
when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges
could be significantly impaired, and our business may be harmed.

We maintain cash deposits in excess of federally insured limits. Adverse developments affecting financial
institutions, including bank failures, could adversely affect our liquidity and financial performance.

We maintain domestic cash deposits in Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) insured banks that exceed the
FDIC insurance limits. We also maintain cash deposits in foreign banks where we operate, some of which are not
insured or are only partially insured by the FDIC or similar agencies. Bank failures, events involving limited
liquidity, defaults, non-performance, or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, or concerns
or rumors about such events, may lead to liquidity constraints. For example, in 2023, Silicon Valley Bank failed
and was taken into receivership by the FDIC. The failure of a bank, or other adverse conditions in the financial or
credit markets impacting financial institutions at which we maintain balances, could adversely impact our liquidity
and financial performance. There can be no assurance that our deposits in excess of the FDIC or other comparable
insurance limits will be backstopped by the U.S. or applicable foreign government, or that any bank or financial
institution with which we do business will be able to obtain needed liquidity from other banks, government
institutions, or by acquisition in the event of a failure or liquidity crisis.

Macroeconomic uncertainties can adversely impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition.*

Macroeconomic uncertainties, such as volatility in financial markets, higher inflation and interest rates,
potential economic slowdown or recession, geopolitical developments, changes in economic or government policies
(including the unknown impact of tariffs), and global supply chain constraints have in the past adversely impacted,
and may in the future adversely impact, our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

Tariffs and other trade barriers or restrictions could increase our costs, as well as the costs of our contract
manufacturers and our licensed Roku TV partners, and decrease our devices gross margins. For example, for the full
year 2025, we expect our devices revenue and gross margin to be slightly down, mostly due to tariffs. See also “
—Changes in U.S. or foreign trade policies, geopolitical conditions, general economic conditions, and other factors
beyond our control may adversely impact our business and operating results .” Our business is dependent on consumer
discretionary spending and advertising spending, both of which are susceptible to changes in macroeconomic
conditions and uncertainties. Sustained inflation, an economic downturn, the impact of tariffs, or even the public
perception that changes to the cost of buying goods are imminent or could occur in the future, have in the past
resulted, and may in the future result, in fewer consumer purchases of our products or the products of our licensed
Roku TV partners and reduced advertising spending. At times, advertising budgets in a variety of industries have
been pressured by factors such as inflation, rising interest rates, and market uncertainty, which has led to
reduced advertiser spending and adversely affected our platform revenue. Any pullback in consumer discretionary
spending or advertising spending could adversely affect our future operating results.

The extent to which macroeconomic uncertainties may impact our operational and financial performance is largely
uncertain and will depend on many factors outside our control. These direct and indirect impacts may negatively
affect our business and operating results.

Natural disasters, geopolitical conflicts, or other natural or man-made catastrophic events could disrupt and
impact our business.

Occurrence of any catastrophic event, including an earthquake, flood, tsunami, or other weather event, power loss,
internet failure, software or hardware malfunctions, cybersecurity attack, war or foreign invasion (such as the
Russian invasion of Ukraine and the conflicts in the Middle East), terrorist attack and other geopolitical
conflicts (such as Yemen’s Houthi attacks in the Red Sea, or potential retaliatory actions from foreign governments
in response to the current U.S. Administration’s actions), medical epidemic or pandemic (such as the COVID-19
pandemic), government shutdown orders, other man-made disasters, or other catastrophic events could disrupt our,
our business partners’ and customers’ business operations or result in disruptions in the broader global economic
environment. Any of these business disruptions could require substantial expenditures and recovery time in order to
fully resume operations.

In particular, our principal offices are located in California, and our contract manufacturers and some of our
suppliers are located in Asia, both of which are regions known for seismic activity, making our operations in these
areas vulnerable to natural disasters or other business disruptions in these areas. Our insurance coverage may not
compensate us for losses that may occur in the event of an earthquake or other significant natural disaster. For
example, a recent earthquake damaged equipment in our Taiwan office, and the losses, while relatively minor, were
not covered by our insurance.

In addition, our offices and facilities, and those of our contract manufacturers, suppliers, and licensed Roku TV
partners, could be vulnerable to the effects of climate change (such as sea level rise, drought, flooding,
wildfires, and increased storm severity) that could disrupt our business operations. For example, in California,
increasing intensity of
                                                        54                                                         
Table of Contents
drought and annual periods of wildfire danger increase the probability of planned power outages. Further, acts of
terrorism could cause disruptions to the internet or the economy as a whole.

If our streaming platform were to fail or be negatively impacted as a result of a natural disaster or other event,
our ability to deliver streaming content, including advertising, to our users would be impaired. Disruptions in the
operations of our contract manufacturers, suppliers, or licensed Roku TV partners as a result of a disaster or
other catastrophic event could delay the manufacture and shipment of our products or the products of our licensed
Roku TV partners, which could impact our business. If we are unable to develop adequate plans to ensure that our
business functions continue to operate during and after a natural disaster or other catastrophic event and to
execute successfully on those plans in the event of a disaster or catastrophic event, our business would be harmed.

Risks Related to Cybersecurity, Reliability, and Data Privacy

Data security incidents, including cybersecurity attacks, or other significant disruptions of our information
technology systems could harm our reputation, cause us to modify our business practices, and otherwise adversely
affect our business and subject us to liability.

We depend on information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business. In the ordinary course of
our business, we collect, store, process, and transmit large amounts of sensitive corporate, personal, and other
information, including intellectual property, proprietary business information, user payment card information, user
video and audio recordings, other user information, employee information, and other confidential information. It is
critical that we do so in a secure manner to maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of such
information. Our obligations under applicable laws, regulations, contracts, industry standards, self-
certifications, and other documentation may include maintaining the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of
personal information in our possession or control, maintaining reasonable and appropriate security safeguards as
part of an information security program, and complying with requirements regarding the use or cross-border transfer
of such personal information. These obligations create potential legal liability to regulators, our business
partners, our users, and other stakeholders and impact the attractiveness of our services to existing and potential
users. Data protection laws around the world often require “reasonable,” “appropriate,” or “adequate” technical and
organizational security measures, and the interpretation and application of those laws are often uncertain and
evolving, and there can be no assurance that our security measures will be deemed adequate, appropriate, or
reasonable by a regulator or court. Moreover, even security measures that are deemed appropriate, reasonable, or in
accordance with applicable legal requirements may not be able to protect the information we maintain.

In addition, each U.S. state and most U.S. territories, each EU member state, and the United Kingdom, as well as
many other foreign nations, have passed laws requiring notification to regulatory authorities, affected users, or
others within a specific timeframe when there has been a security breach involving, or other unauthorized access to
or acquisition or disclosure of, certain personal information and impose additional obligations on companies. In
addition to potential fines, we could be subject to mandatory corrective action due to a data security incident,
and any failure to maintain performance, reliability, security, and availability of our network infrastructure to
the satisfaction of our users, business partners, regulators, or other relevant stakeholders may harm our
reputation and our ability to retain existing users and attract new users, as well as adversely affect our business
operations and result in substantial costs. These obligations create potential legal liability to regulators, our
business partners, our users, and other stakeholders and impact the attractiveness of our services to existing and
potential users.

We have outsourced or may outsource certain elements of our operations (including elements of our information
technology infrastructure) to third parties, or may have incorporated technology into our platform, that collects,
processes, transmits, and stores our users’ or others’ personal information (such as payment card information and
user video and audio recordings), and as a result, we manage a number of third-party vendors and other partners who
may or could have access to our information technology systems (including our computer networks) or to our
confidential information. In addition, many of those third parties in turn subcontract or outsource some of their
responsibilities to third parties. As a result, our information technology systems, including the functions of
third parties that are involved in or have access to those systems, are very large and complex. Technology system
disruptions, whether from attacks on our technology environment or from computer viruses, natural disasters,
terrorism, war, foreign invasions, and telecommunications and electrical failures, could result in a material
disruption of our product development and our business operations. Significant disruptions of our third-party
vendors’ or commercial partners’ information technology systems or other similar data security incidents could also
adversely affect our business operations or result in the loss, misappropriation, or unauthorized access, use or
disclosure of, or the prevention of access to, sensitive or personal information, which could harm our business.

The size, complexity, accessibility, and distributed nature of our information technology systems, and the large
amounts of sensitive or personal information stored on those systems, make such systems vulnerable to unintentional
or malicious, internal, and external threats. Because of our prominence in the TV streaming industry, we believe we
may be a particularly attractive target for threat actors. The risk of harm to our business caused by security
incidents may also increase as we expand our product and service offerings and as we enter new markets.
Vulnerabilities can be, and have been, exploited from inadvertent or intentional actions of our employees, third-
party vendors, or business partners, or by malicious third parties. Open-source software, which may be incorporated
into our systems or products, inherently presents a large attack surface and may contain vulnerabilities of which
we are not aware and which we cannot control or
                                                        55                                                         
Table of Contents
fully mitigate. Moreover, AI technologies may be used to implement certain cybersecurity attacks or to increase
their intensity, which may further increase risk. While we have processes in place to mitigate the risks related to
these vulnerabilities, these measures may not be adequately designed or implemented to ensure that our operations
are not disrupted, our reputation is not harmed, or that we will not be impacted by ransomware, cybersecurity
attacks, or other vulnerabilities in the future. For example, despite our efforts to secure our information
technology systems and the data contained in those systems, we and our third-party vendors and business partners
have experienced, and remain vulnerable to, data security incidents, including ransomware, phishing attacks, bot
attacks, credential stuffing attacks, improper employee access of confidential data, and inadvertent employee
disclosure of confidential data. There is no way of knowing with certainty whether we have experienced any data
security incidents that have not been discovered. While we have no reason to believe that we have experienced a
data security incident that we have not discovered, we note that attackers continue to advance the ways they
conceal their unauthorized access to systems.

Malicious attacks are increasing in their frequency, levels of persistence, sophistication, and intensity, and are
being conducted by sophisticated and organized groups and individuals with a wide range of motives (including, but
not limited to, industrial espionage) and expertise, including organized criminal groups, “hacktivists,” nation
states, and others. The geopolitical conflicts stemming from the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the current unrest
in the Middle East have increased the risk of malicious attacks on information technology operations globally,
including for companies headquartered in the United States, that could materially disrupt our systems and
operations, supply chain, and ability to produce, sell, and distribute our devices and services. Any attempts by
threat actors to disrupt our streaming platform, streaming devices, smart home products, website, computer systems,
or mobile apps, if successful, could harm our business, subject us to liability, be expensive to remedy, cause harm
to our systems and operations, damage our reputation, and could result in contractual damages, litigation,
governmental inquiries and investigations, enforcement actions, and regulatory notification requirements, fines,
and penalties that could harm our business. For example, in the wake of a data breach involving payment card data,
we may be subject to substantial penalties for failure to adhere to the technical or operational security
requirements of the Payment Card Industry (“PCI”) Data Security Standards (“DSS”) imposed by the PCI Council to
protect cardholder data. Penalties arising from PCI DSS enforcement are inherently uncertain as penalties may be
imposed by various entities within the payment card processing chain without regard to any statutory or universally
mandated framework. Such enforcement could threaten our relationship with our banks, card brands we do business
with, and our third-party payment processors.

Most of our employees have a hybrid work schedule (consisting of both in-person work and working from home).
Although we have implemented work from home protocols, the actions of our employees while working from home may
have a greater effect on the security of our systems and the data we process, including by increasing the risk of
compromise to our systems, intellectual property, or data arising from employees’ combined use of personal and
private devices, accessing our systems or data using wireless networks that we do not control, or the ability to
transmit or store company-controlled data outside of our secured network.

The limitations of liability in our contracts related to our information technology systems may not be enforceable
or adequate or otherwise protect us from liabilities or damages. While we maintain insurance policies to cover
certain losses relating to our information technology systems, there may be exceptions. Security incidents or
certain aspects of security incidents may not be fully covered by our insurance policies or covered at all.
Additionally, insurance policies will not protect against the reputational harms caused by a major security
incident. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds our available insurance
coverage, or results in changes to our insurance policies (including premium increases or the imposition of large
deductible or co-insurance requirements), could have an adverse effect on our business. Further, we cannot be sure
that our existing insurance coverage and coverage for errors and omissions will continue to be available on
acceptable terms or that our insurers will not deny coverage as to any future claim.

We and our service providers and partners collect, process, transmit, disclose, and store personal information,
which creates legal obligations and exposes us to potential liability.*

We and our service providers and partners collect, process, transmit, disclose, and store personal information of
individuals. We collect such information from individuals located both in the United States and abroad and may
store or process such information outside the country in which it was collected. Various federal, state, and
foreign laws and regulations as well as industry standards and contractual obligations govern the collection,
processing, retention, protection, disclosure, cross-border transfer, localization, and storage of such personal
information. These regulatory requirements are evolving, and data privacy compliance is an area of increasing
scrutiny for privacy and consumer rights groups and government bodies. For example, in addition to the EU General
Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the UK General Data Protection Regulation, and Brazil’s Lei Geral de Proteção
de Dados, numerous U.S. states have enacted broad-based privacy and data protection legislation.

We have incurred, and will continue to incur, expenses to comply with privacy and security standards and protocols
imposed by law, regulation, industry standards, and contractual obligations. We continue to monitor the
implementation, enforcement, interpretation, and evolution of these laws and regulations, but they are still
rapidly evolving and, as a result, their application, interpretation, and enforcement are uncertain, and they may
be interpreted and applied inconsistently with our current policies and practices. In such event, we may be subject
to significant fines and penalties (such as restrictions on personal information processing) or claims for damages
from private litigants, or we
                                                        56                                                         
Table of Contents
may be required to make changes to our policies and operations, including the manner in which we provide our
services or use our user data, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be harmed.

We continue to assess the available regulatory guidance, determinations, and enforcement actions on international
data transfer compliance for companies. As part of our data protection compliance program, we have implemented data
transfer mechanisms to provide for the transfer of personal information from the European Economic Area or the
United Kingdom to the United States. We have joined the EU, Swiss, and UK Data Privacy Framework programs to
facilitate transfers of non-HR personal data to the United States from these jurisdictions. Our ability to continue
to transfer personal information outside of the EU may become significantly more costly and may subject us to
increased scrutiny and liability under the GDPR or other legal frameworks, and we may experience operating
disruptions if we are unable to conduct these transfers in the future. In addition, some countries are considering
or have enacted “data localization” laws requiring that user data regarding users in their respective countries be
maintained, stored, or processed in their respective countries. Maintaining local data centers in individual
countries could increase our operating costs significantly.

We, our service providers and partners use tracking technologies to collect information about users’ interactions
with our platform, devices, websites, apps, and partners’ digital properties, and deliver advertising and
personalized content for ourselves and on behalf of our partners. To personalize content and advertisements
effectively, we must leverage this data, as well as data provided by third parties. The U.S. federal government,
U.S. states, and foreign governments have enacted (or are considering) laws and regulations that could
significantly restrict us and other advertising industry participants’ ability to collect, use, retain, and
disclose personal information. For example, some of these laws and regulations may require more explicit consumer
notice and consent for using tracking technology or collecting sensitive personal information, restrict disclosure
of personal information between companies, or grant consumers the right to delete or limit the collection and use
of their personal information. Our ability to collect, use and retain such data could also be further restricted by
our agreements with advertisers and content partners.

Any restrictions on our ability to collect, use, or retain data is likely to increase the number of users to whom
we cannot serve targeted advertising, which could make our platform less attractive to advertisers and partners,
and harm our ability to grow our revenue, particularly our platform revenue which depends on effective delivery of
advertising campaigns. We are continuing to assess the impact of new and proposed privacy and data protection laws
on our business.

Any significant disruption in our information technology systems or those of third parties we utilize in our
operations could result in a loss or degradation of service on our platform and could harm our business.

We rely on the expertise of our engineering and software development teams as well as the teams of our service
providers and partners for the performance and operation of the Roku TV OS, streaming platform, smart home
products, and other information technology systems. Service interruptions, errors in our software, or the
unavailability of information technology systems used in our operations could diminish the overall attractiveness
of our products and streaming platform to existing and potential users or otherwise disrupt our business. We
utilize information technology systems located either in our facilities or those of third-party server hosting
providers and third-party internet-based or cloud computing services. Although we generally enter into service
level agreements with these parties, we exercise no control over their operations, which makes us vulnerable to any
errors, interruptions, or delays that they may experience.

Upon the expiration or termination of any of our agreements with third-party vendors, we may not be able to replace
their services in a timely manner or on terms and conditions, including service levels and cost, that are favorable
to us, and a transition from one vendor to another vendor could subject us to operational delays and inefficiencies
until the transition is complete. In addition, fires, floods, earthquakes, wars, foreign invasions, terrorist
activity, power losses, telecommunications failures, break-ins, and similar events could damage these systems and
hardware or cause them to fail completely.

As we do not maintain entirely redundant systems, a disrupting event could result in prolonged downtime of our
operations, products, or services, could result in liabilities to our customers or third parties, and could
adversely affect our business. Our property insurance and cyber liability insurance may not be sufficient to fully
cover our losses or may not cover a particular event at all. Any disruption in the services provided by these
vendors could have adverse impacts on our business reputation, customer relations, and operating results.

If any aspect of our information technology systems or those of third parties we utilize in our operations fails,
it may lead to downtime or slow processing time, either of which may harm the experience of our users. We have
experienced, and may in the future experience, service disruptions, outages, and other performance problems due to
a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, and capacity constraints. We
expect to continue to invest in our technology infrastructure to maintain and improve the user experience and
platform performance. To the extent that we or our third-party service hosting providers do not effectively address
capacity constraints, upgrade or patch systems as needed, and continually develop technology and network
architecture to accommodate increasingly complex services and functions, increasing numbers of users, and actual
and anticipated changes in technology, our business may be harmed.
                                                        57                                                         
Table of Contents
Changes in how network operators manage data that travel across their networks could harm our business.

Our business relies upon the ability of our users to access high-quality streaming content through the internet. As
a result, the growth of our business depends on our users’ ability to obtain and maintain high-speed access to the
internet at reasonable cost, which relies in part on internet service network operators’ continuing willingness to
upgrade and maintain their equipment as well as their continued willingness to preserve the open and interconnected
nature of the internet. We exercise no control over network operators, which makes us vulnerable to any errors,
disruptions, or delays in their operations, as well as any decision they may make to prioritize the delivery of
certain network traffic at the expense of other traffic. Any material disruption or degradation in internet
services could harm our business.

To the extent that the number of internet users continues to increase, network congestion could adversely affect
the reliability of our streaming platform. We may also face increased costs of doing business, or decreased demand
for our services, if network operators engage in discriminatory practices with respect to streamed video content in
an effort to monetize access to their networks or customers by data providers.

Certain laws intended to prevent network operators from engaging in discriminatory practices with respect to
streaming video content have been implemented in many countries, including in the EU. In other countries, laws in
this area may be nascent or non-existent. Furthermore, favorable laws may change. Given the uncertainty around
these laws and the rules that implement them, including changing interpretations, amendments, or repeal, coupled
with potentially significant political and economic power of network operators, we could experience discriminatory
or anti-competitive practices, such as usage-based pricing, bandwidth caps, zero rating of competing services by
ISPs, and traffic “shaping” or throttling, that could impede our growth, result in a decline in our quality of
service, cause us to incur additional expense, or otherwise impair our ability to attract and retain users, all of
which could harm our business.

In addition, most network operators that provide users with access to the internet also offer users multichannel
video programming, and some network operators also own streaming services. These network operators have an
incentive to use their network infrastructure in a manner adverse to the continued growth and success of other
companies seeking to distribute similar video programming. To the extent that network operators are able to provide
preferential treatment to their own data and content, as opposed to ours, our business could be harmed.
                                                                                                                   
  Risks Related to Intellectual Property                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
Litigation and claims regarding intellectual property rights could result in the loss of rights important to our
products and streaming platform, cause us to incur significant legal costs, or otherwise harm our business.

Some internet, technology, and media companies, including some of our competitors, own large numbers of patents,
copyrights, and trademarks, which they may use to assert claims against us. Third parties have asserted, and may in
the future assert, that we have infringed, misappropriated, or otherwise violated their intellectual property
rights. As we grow and face increasing competition, the possibility of intellectual property rights claims against
us will grow. Plaintiffs who have no relevant product revenue may not be deterred by our own issued patents and
pending patent applications in bringing intellectual property rights claims against us and may seek to challenge
the validity or enforceability of our own patents and patents applications. The cost of patent litigation or other
proceedings, even if resolved in our favor, has been and is expected to be substantial. Some of our competitors may
be better able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings because of their substantially greater
financial resources. Patent litigation and other proceedings may also require significant management time and
divert management’s attention from our other business concerns or otherwise adversely affect our business and
operating results. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other
proceedings could impair our ability to compete in the marketplace. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could
harm our business.

As a result of intellectual property infringement claims, or to avoid potential claims, we may choose or be
required to seek licenses from third parties. These licenses may not be available on commercially reasonable terms,
or at all, thereby hindering our ability to sell or use the relevant technology or requiring redesign of the
allegedly infringing solutions to avoid infringement, which could be costly, time‐consuming, or impossible. Even if
we are able to obtain a license, the license would likely obligate us to pay license fees or royalties or both, and
the rights granted to us might be nonexclusive, with the potential for our competitors to gain access to the same
intellectual property. In addition, the rights that we secure under intellectual property licenses may not include
rights to all of the intellectual property owned or controlled by the licensor, and the scope of the licenses
granted to us may not include rights covering all of the products and services provided by us and our licensees.
Furthermore, an adverse outcome of a dispute may require us to: pay damages, potentially including treble damages
and attorneys’ fees, if we are found to have willfully infringed a party’s intellectual property; cease making,
licensing, using, or importing technologies or products that are alleged to infringe or misappropriate the
intellectual property of others; expend additional development resources to redesign our products; enter into
potentially unfavorable royalty or license agreements in order to obtain the right to use necessary technologies,
content, or materials; and indemnify our partners and other third parties. For example, we have in the past elected
to develop and implement specific design changes to address potential risks that certain products could otherwise
become subject to exclusion or cease and desist orders arising from patent infringement and other intellectual
property claims brought to the U.S. International Trade Commission. In addition, any lawsuits regarding
intellectual property rights, regardless of their success, could be expensive to resolve and would divert the time
and attention of our management and technical personnel.
                                                        58                                                         
Table of Contents
If we fail to, or are unable to, protect or enforce our intellectual property or proprietary rights, our business
and operating results could be harmed.

We regard the protection of our patents, trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks, trade dress, domain names, and
other intellectual property or proprietary rights as critical to our success. We strive to protect our intellectual
property rights by relying on federal, state, and common law rights, as well as contractual restrictions. We seek
to protect our confidential proprietary information, in part, by entering into confidentiality agreements and
invention assignment agreements with all of our employees, consultants, contractors, advisors, and any third
parties who have access to our proprietary know-how, information, or technology.

However, we cannot be certain that we have executed such agreements with all parties who may have helped to develop
our intellectual property or who had access to our proprietary information, nor can we be certain that our
agreements will not be breached. Any party with whom we have executed such an agreement could potentially breach
that agreement and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to
discover such breaches, and if we do, we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. We cannot
guarantee that our trade secrets and other confidential proprietary information will not be disclosed or that
competitors will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or independently develop substantially equivalent
information and techniques. Detecting the disclosure or misappropriation of a trade secret and enforcing a claim
that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, time-consuming, and could result
in substantial costs, and the outcome of such a claim is unpredictable.

Further, the laws of certain foreign countries do not provide the same level of protection of corporate proprietary
information and assets such as intellectual property, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how, and records as the laws
of the United States. For instance, the legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing
countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection. As a result, we may
encounter significant problems in protecting and defending our intellectual property or proprietary rights abroad.
Additionally, we may also be exposed to material risks of theft, counterfeiting, or unauthorized reverse
engineering of our proprietary information and other intellectual property, including technical data, manufacturing
processes, data sets, or other sensitive information.

Our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights in such foreign countries may be inadequate to obtain a
significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Moreover, if we are unable to
prevent the disclosure of our trade secrets to third parties, or if our competitors independently develop any of
our trade secrets, we may not be able to establish or maintain a competitive advantage in our market, which could
harm our business.

There can be no assurance that the particular forms of intellectual property protection that we seek, including
business decisions about when to file patents and when to maintain trade secrets, will be adequate to protect our
business. We have filed and will in the future file patent applications on inventions that we deem to be
innovative. There is no guarantee that our patent applications will issue as granted patents, that the scope of the
protection gained will be sufficient or that an issued patent may subsequently be deemed invalid or unenforceable.
U.S. patent laws, and the scope of coverage afforded by them, have been subject to significant changes, such as the
change to “first-to-file” from “first-to-invent” resulting from the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act. This change in
the determination of inventorship may result in inventors and companies having to file patent applications more
frequently to preserve rights in their inventions, which may favor larger competitors that have the resources to
file more patent applications. Another change to the patent laws may incentivize third parties to challenge any
issued patent in the United States Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”), as opposed to having to bring such an
action in U.S. federal court. Foreign patent laws may also continue to develop and significantly impact our ability
to protect or maintain our intellectual property. Any invalidation of a patent claim could have a significant
impact on our ability to protect the innovations contained within our products and platform and could harm our
business.

The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural,
documentary, fee payment, and other provisions to maintain patent applications and issued patents. We may fail to
take the necessary actions and pay the applicable fees to obtain or maintain our patents. Noncompliance with these
requirements can result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete
loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, competitors might be able to use our
technologies and enter the market earlier than would otherwise have been the case.

We pursue the registration of our domain names, trademarks, and service marks in the United States and in certain
locations outside the United States. We are seeking to protect our trademarks, patents, and domain names in an
increasing number of jurisdictions, a process that is expensive and time-consuming and may not be successful or
which we may not pursue in every jurisdiction in which we conduct business. Despite the cost and time we spend
monitoring, we may or may not be able to detect infringement by third parties. Our competitive position may be
harmed if we cannot detect infringement and enforce our intellectual property rights quickly or at all. In
particular, our actions to monitor and enforce our trademarks against third parties may not prevent counterfeit
versions of our products or products bearing confusingly similar trademarks to ours from entering the marketplace,
which could divert sales from us, tarnish our reputation, or reduce the demand for our products. In some
circumstances, we may choose to not pursue enforcement because an infringer has a dominant intellectual property
position or for other business reasons.
                                                        59                                                         
Table of Contents
Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property or proprietary rights, protect our trade secrets,
or determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed by others. Any litigation of this nature,
regardless of outcome or merit, could result in substantial costs, adverse publicity, or diversion of management
and technical resources, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. If we fail to
maintain, protect, and enhance our intellectual property or proprietary rights, our business may be harmed.

Our use of open-source software could impose limitations on our ability to commercialize our products and our
streaming platform or could result in public disclosure of competitively sensitive trade secrets.

We incorporate open-source software in our proprietary software. From time to time, companies that have
incorporated open-source software into their products and services have faced claims challenging the ownership of
certain open-source software or compliance with open-source software license terms. Therefore, we could be subject
to similar suits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open-source software or our noncompliance
with the open-source software license terms.

Although we have processes and procedures designed to help monitor our use of open-source software, these processes
and procedures may not be followed appropriately or may fail to identify risks. Additionally, the terms of many
open-source software licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. courts, and there is a risk that such licenses
could be construed in a manner that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our products or
technology or impose unanticipated obligations that could require the disclosure of trade secrets. Some open‐source
software is governed by licenses containing conditions that any person who distributes or uses a modification or
derivative work of software that was subject to an open‐source license make the modified version subject to the
same open‐source license. Distributing or using software that is subject to this kind of open‐source license can
lead to a requirement that certain aspects of our solutions be distributed or made available in source code form.
In such event, we could be required to make portions of our proprietary software generally available under similar
open-source software license terms to third parties, including competitors, at low or no cost, to seek licenses
from third parties in order to continue offering our products, to re-engineer our products, or to discontinue the
sale of our products in the event re-engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely basis or at all, any of which
could harm our business.

Further, use of open‐source software can involve greater risks than those associated with use of third‐party
commercial software, as open‐source licensors generally do not provide warranties, assurances of title,
performance, non‐infringement, or controls on the origin of the software. Open‐source software typically lacks
support, and authors of such open‐source software may abandon further development and maintenance. Open‐source
software may contain security vulnerabilities and other liabilities, and we may be subject to additional security
risk by using open‐source software. We have established processes to help alleviate these risks, but there can be
no assurance that these processes will alleviate all risks with the open‐source software we incorporate.

Under our agreements with many of our content partners, licensees, distributors, retailers, contract manufacturers,
and suppliers, we are required to provide indemnification in the event our technology is alleged to infringe upon
the intellectual property rights of third parties.

In certain of our agreements, we indemnify our content partners, licensees, distributors, retailers, manufacturing
partners, and suppliers. We have in the past, and may in the future, incur significant expenses defending these
partners if they are sued for patent or other property infringement based on allegations related to our technology.
If a partner were to lose a lawsuit and in turn seek indemnification from us, we also could be subject to
significant monetary liabilities. In addition, because the devices sold by our licensing partners and licensed Roku
TV partners often involve the use of third-party technology, this increases our exposure to litigation in
circumstances where there is a claim of infringement asserted against the streaming device in question, even if the
claim does not pertain to our technology. Liability under our indemnification commitments may not be contractually
limited.
                                                                                                                   
  Legal and Regulatory Risks                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
We have been, are currently, and may in the future be subject to various lawsuits and other legal proceedings,
disputes, claims, and government inquiries and investigations, which could cause us to incur substantial costs or
require us to change our business practices in a way that could seriously harm our business.

We have been, are currently, and may in the future be subject to various lawsuits, stockholder derivative actions,
class action lawsuits, individual or mass arbitration proceedings, and other types of legal proceedings, as well as
other disputes, claims, and regulatory or governmental inquiries and investigations, including with regard to
contract or commercial disputes, consumer protection, privacy, data protection, intellectual property, tax,
employment, and corporate governance, among other matters. If we fail to meet our contractual commitments or
otherwise fail to comply with our contractual obligations, then we could be subject to breach of contract or other
claims. Any claims, proceedings, individual or mass arbitration demands, or inquiries or investigations initiated
by or against us, whether successful or not, may be time-consuming, subject us to damage awards, regulatory orders,
consent decrees, injunctive relief, fines, or other penalties or sanctions, require us to change our policies or
practices, result in increased operating costs, divert management’s attention, harm our reputation, and require us
to incur significant legal fees, other litigation costs and settlement costs, as well as other expenses. In
addition, our insurance may not be adequate to protect us from all material expenses related to pending and future
claims. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results
of operations.
                                                        60                                                         
Table of Contents
If government regulations or laws relating to the internet, video, advertising, or other areas of our business
change, we may need to alter the manner in which we conduct our business, or our business could be harmed.

We are subject to or affected by general business regulations and laws, as well as regulations and laws specific to
the internet and online services, including laws and regulations related to data privacy and security, consumer
protection, child and youth protection, data localization, encryption, telecommunications, social media, payment
processing, subscriptions, taxation, trade, intellectual property, competition, electronic contracts, internet
access, net neutrality, advertising, calling and texting, content restrictions, protection of minors, and
accessibility, among others. We have been, and may be in the future, subject to claims or governmental or
regulatory inquiries and investigations with regard to our compliance with such regulations and laws.

Some of our business activities may be within the scope of existing or proposed laws and regulations intended to
protect minors online. In this regard, examples of potentially applicable laws and regulations include the UK Age-
Appropriate Design Code, UK Online Safety Act, the Irish Fundamentals for a Child-Oriented Approach to Data
Processing, various minor-specific provisions of the GDPR and EU Digital Services Act, the Children’s Online
Privacy Protection Act, age-appropriate design code style laws at the state level, and minor-specific provisions of
state consumer privacy laws. Many states have also incorporated children’s privacy requirements into their laws.
This is a rapidly evolving area of law and regulation, and the need to comply with this growing body of laws across
the jurisdictions in which we operate could impact our business and require us to incur additional expenses for
compliance. Additionally, there have been a dramatic rise in claims asserted under various unsettled laws in the
United States, including the Video Privacy Protection Act, which provides a private right of action and allows for
statutory damages, actual damages, and, in certain cases, attorneys’ fees, and other similar U.S. state video
privacy laws.

As we develop new products and services and improve our streaming platform, we may also be subject to new laws and
regulations specific to new technologies that may require us to make changes to our business practices, and failure
to adequately address or comply with such laws and regulations may result in legal liability, regulatory action, or
brand and reputational harm. For example, to the extent that we incorporate generative AI into our products and
services, we will be subject to the evolving legal and regulatory landscape surrounding generative AI technologies.
Various national and local governments have proposed or enacted measures that impose new and substantial
obligations related to the use of generative AI systems, including the EU, California, Colorado, and Utah.

The laws and regulations governing our industry are still evolving and, as a result, their application,
interpretation and enforcement are uncertain, and they may be interpreted and applied inconsistently with our
current policies and practices. All litigation and regulatory proceedings are inherently uncertain, and the
federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations governing such issues continue to develop. See also “— We and our
service providers and partners collect, process, transmit, disclose, and store personal information, which creates
legal obligations and exposes us to potential liability .” Regulatory inquiries, investigations, and enforcement
actions could also adversely impact our business operations. For example, we and other companies in the media,
entertainment, and advertising technology industries have been subject to government inquiries and investigations
by regulatory bodies with regard to our compliance with privacy and data security laws, the Federal Trade
Commission Act, and other applicable laws and regulations. Advocacy organizations have also filed complaints with
data protection authorities against businesses with streaming apps and advertising technology, arguing that certain
of these companies’ practices do not comply with applicable law. The potential effects of such inquiries,
investigations, or enforcement actions are far-reaching, uncertain, and difficult to predict, and may require us,
our partners, and our advertisers to modify data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial
compliance costs and expenses. Furthermore, if we or the third parties that we work with are alleged to violate
applicable laws, our contractual obligations, or our policies, our users could lose trust in us. Any decrease in
user retention, growth, or engagement could render our products less attractive to users, advertisers, or partners,
and would seriously harm our business.

Changes in U.S. or foreign trade policies, geopolitical conditions, general economic conditions, and other factors
beyond our control may adversely impact our business and operating results.*

Our business is subject to risks generally associated with doing business abroad, such as U.S. and foreign
governmental regulation in the countries in which we operate and the countries in which our contract manufacturers,
component suppliers, and other business partners are located. Our operations and performance depend significantly
on global, regional, and U.S. economic and geopolitical conditions, which have grown increasingly uncertain
beginning in the first quarter of 2025.

Trade disputes, geopolitical tensions, or political uncertainty can disrupt supply chains and increase the cost of
our and our partners’ products, and have a negative impact on consumer confidence, which could impair our future
growth and adversely affect our operations, business, financial condition, and results of operations. For example,
several countries are considering or have recently implemented tariffs or other trade barriers or restrictions, as
well as other measures impacting cross-border commerce, including in response to ongoing and unpredictable changes
in U.S. trade policy, which could negatively affect our business. Notably, beginning in the first quarter of 2025,
the U.S. Administration has announced, delayed, re-imposed and revised a series of broad-based, as well as
country-, bloc- and sector-specific, tariffs on goods imported into the United States, as well as other trade
policy changes. Such actions have given and may continue to give rise to further escalations of trade measures by
the United States and impacted countries. Further, developments with regard to the timing and manner in which
tariffs are implemented, the amount, scope and nature of
                                                        61                                                         
Table of Contents
tariffs, and the countries subject to new or additional tariffs imposed by the United States are rapidly evolving
and may change unexpectedly at any time, making it impossible for us to predict future developments regarding
global tariffs or other trade restrictions or their ultimate effects on our business and results of operations. The
threat, implementation, or modification of such new import restrictions, as well as any retaliatory measures
adopted by affected U.S. trade partners, could increase our costs and otherwise be disruptive to the business
environment in which we operate.

In addition, following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the United States and other countries imposed economic
sanctions and severe export control restrictions against Russia and Belarus, and the United States and other
countries could impose wider sanctions and export restrictions and take other actions should the conflict further
escalate. Similarly, the effects of Brexit on EU-UK political, trade, economic, and diplomatic relations continue
to be uncertain and such impact may not be fully realized for several years or more. Continued uncertainty and
friction may result in regulatory, operational, and cost challenges to our international operations.

Also, various countries, in addition to the United States, regulate the import and export of certain products,
commodities, software, and technology, including through import and export licensing requirements, and have enacted
laws that could limit our ability to distribute our products or collaborate on technology with our commercial or
strategic partners, or could limit the ability of our commercial or strategic partners to implement our products in
those countries. Changes in our products or future changes in export and import regulations may create delays in
the introduction of our products in international markets, disrupt supply chains, prevent our commercial or
strategic partners with international operations from deploying our products globally, or, in some cases, prevent
the export or import of our products to certain countries, governments, or persons altogether. Any changes in U.S.
or foreign export or import regulations, customs duties, or other restrictions on intangible goods (such as cross-
border data flows) could result in decreased use of our products by, or in our decreased ability to export or sell
our products and services to, existing or new customers in U.S. or international markets or hamper our ability to
source products, components, and parts from certain suppliers or lead to potential supply chain disruptions and
business or reputational harms. Any decreased use of our products or limitation on our ability to export, import,
or sell our products or services, or source parts or components, could harm our business.

Although we attempt to ensure that we, our retailers, and partners comply with the applicable import, export, and
sanctions laws, we cannot guarantee full compliance by all. Actions of our retailers and partners are not within
our complete control, and our products could be re-exported to sanctioned persons or countries or provided by our
retailers to third persons in contravention of our requirements or instructions or the laws. In addition, there are
inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any policies, procedures, and internal controls relating to such
compliance, and there can be no assurance that such procedures or internal controls will work effectively at all
times or protect us against liability under anti-corruption, sanctions or other laws for actions taken by us, our
retailers or partners. Any such potential violation by us, our retailers, or our partners could have negative
consequences, including government inquiries, investigations, enforcement actions, monetary fines, or civil and/or
criminal penalties, and our reputation, brand, and revenue may be harmed.

The ability of internet access network operators in some jurisdictions to degrade users’ internet speeds or limit
internet data consumption by users, including unreasonable discrimination in the provision of broadband internet
access services, could harm our business.

Our products and services depend on the ability of our users to access the internet. We believe that the continued
growth of streaming as an entertainment alternative will depend on the availability and growth of cost-effective
broadband internet access (including mobile broadband internet access), the quality and reliability of broadband
content delivery, and broadband service providers’ ability to control the delivery speed of different content
traveling on their networks. Laws, regulations, or court rulings that adversely affect the popularity or growth in
use of the internet, including decisions that undermine open and neutrally administered internet access, or that
disincentivize internet access network operators’ willingness to invest in upgrades and maintenance of their
equipment, could decrease customer demand for our service offerings, may impose additional burdens on us, or could
cause us to incur additional expenses or alter our business model. Some jurisdictions have adopted regulations
governing the provision of internet access service. Substantial uncertainty exists in the United States and
elsewhere regarding such provisions. For example, in the United States, a federal appellate court recently
prevented new FCC “net neutrality” rules and an associated broadband oversight framework from going into effect,
finding that the FCC likely does not have statutory authority to adopt such requirements. As a result, there are no
FCC rules currently in effect that prohibit internet service providers from unreasonably restricting, blocking,
degrading, or charging for access to certain products and services offered by us and our content partners.

If network operators were to engage in restricting, blocking, degrading, or charging for access, it could impede
our growth, result in a decline in our quality of service, cause us to incur additional expense, or otherwise
impair our ability to attract and retain users, any of which could harm our business. Several states and foreign
countries in which we operate also have adopted or are considering rules governing the provision of internet
access. In addition, in some jurisdictions (including the United States), network operators are pursuing proposals
that would require or enable them to impose fees on content providers related to delivery of network traffic.

As we expand internationally, government regulation protecting the non-discriminatory provision of internet access
may be nascent or non-existent. In those markets where regulatory safeguards against unreasonable
                                                        62                                                         
Table of Contents
discrimination are nascent or non-existent and where local network operators possess substantial market power, we
could experience anti-competitive practices that could impede our growth, cause us to incur additional expenses, or
otherwise harm our business. Future regulations or changes in laws and regulations (or their existing
interpretations or applications) could also hinder our operational flexibility, raise compliance costs, and result
in additional liabilities for us, which may harm our business.

If we are found liable for content that is distributed through or advertising that is served through our platform,
our business could be harmed.

As a distributor of content, we face potential liability for negligence, copyright, patent, or trademark
infringement, public performance royalties or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we
distribute. We rely on the statutory safe harbors, as set forth in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the
“DMCA”), Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act (“Section 230”) in the United States, and the E-Commerce
Directive in Europe, for protection against liability for various caching, hosting, and linking activities. The
DMCA, Section 230, and similar statutes and doctrines on which we rely or may rely in the future are subject to
uncertain judicial interpretation and regulatory and legislative amendments. Any legislation or court rulings that
limit the applicability of these safe harbors could require us to take a different approach toward content
moderation on our platform, which could diminish the depth, breadth, and variety of content that we offer, inhibit
our ability to generate advertising, or otherwise adversely affect our business.

Moreover, if the rules around these statutes and doctrines change, if international jurisdictions refuse to apply
similar protections, or if a court were to disagree with our application of those rules to our business, we could
incur liabilities and our business could be harmed. If we become liable for these types of claims as a result of
the content that is streamed over or the advertisements that are served through our platform, then our business may
suffer. Litigation to defend these claims could be costly and the expenses and damages arising from any liability
could harm our business. Our insurance may not be adequate to cover these types of claims or any liability that may
be imposed on us.

In addition, regardless of any legal protections that may limit our liability for the actions of third parties, we
may be adversely impacted if copyright holders assert claims, or commence litigation, alleging copyright
infringement against the developers of apps that are distributed on our platform.

While our platform policies prohibit streaming content on our platform without distribution rights from the
copyright holder, and we maintain processes and systems for the reporting and removal of infringing content, in
certain instances our platform has been misused by unaffiliated third parties to unlawfully distribute copyrighted
content. If content owners or distributors are deterred from working with us as a consequence, it could impair our
ability to maintain or expand our business, including through international expansion plans.

If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the
accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and our stock price may be adversely affected.

We are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such
internal control. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“Section 404”) requires that we furnish a report
by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This
assessment must include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control
over financial reporting. Our independent registered public accounting firm also attests to the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting. If we have a material weakness in our internal control over
financial reporting in the future, we may not detect errors on a timely basis, and our financial statements may be
materially misstated.

Any failure to maintain internal controls over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately
report our financial condition or results of operations. If we identify material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting, are unable to continue to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner,
are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent
registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports,
and the market price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. In addition, we could become subject
to investigations by the SEC, The Nasdaq Global Select Market, or other regulatory authorities, which could require
additional financial and management resources.

Our financial results may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles applicable to us.

The generally accepted accounting principles in the United States are subject to interpretation by the Financial
Accounting Standards Board, the SEC, and other bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting
principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported results
of operations and may even affect the reporting of transactions completed before the announcement or effectiveness
of a change. It is difficult to predict the impact of future changes to accounting principles or our accounting
policies, any of which could harm our business.
                                                        63                                                         
Table of Contents
If we fail to comply with the laws and regulations relating to the payment of income taxes and the collection of
indirect taxes, we could be exposed to unexpected costs, expenses, penalties, and fees, which could harm our
business.*

We are subject to requirements to deduct or withhold income taxes on revenue sourced in various jurisdictions, pay
income taxes on profits earned by any permanent establishment (or similar enterprise) of ours that carries on
business in various jurisdictions, and collect indirect taxes from our sales in various jurisdictions. The laws and
regulations governing the withholding and payment of income taxes and the collection of indirect taxes are
numerous, complex, evolving, and vary by jurisdiction. A successful assertion by one or more jurisdictions that we
were required to withhold or pay income taxes or collect indirect taxes where we did not could result in
substantial tax liabilities, fees, and expenses, including substantial interest and penalty charges, which could
harm our business.

New legislation that would change U.S. or foreign taxation of international business activities or other tax-reform
policies could harm our business.*

We earn a portion of our income in foreign countries and, as such, we are subject to tax laws in the United States
and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Current economic and political conditions make tax laws and regulations, or
their interpretation and application, in any jurisdiction subject to significant change.

Changes to U.S. and foreign tax laws could significantly impact how U.S. multinational corporations are taxed on
U.S. and foreign earnings. Such changes could have an adverse impact on our effective tax rate, income tax expense
(benefit), and cash flows. For example, on July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act, which includes a broad
range of tax reform provisions, including the extension of key provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, was
signed into law in the United States. We are evaluating the potential impact of this new legislation.

In addition, both tax policy and tax administration are becoming multilateral. This multilateralism and
collaboration among taxing authorities (including the U.S. and many foreign jurisdictions in which we operate) has
resulted in proposed new tax measures specifically targeting online commerce, digital advertising and services,
streaming services, and the remote sale of goods and services. Some of these measures (such as a global corporate
minimum tax) require adoption of local legislation consistent with the agreed to multilateral framework. Other
measures (such as digital services taxes) have already been implemented but may terminate upon the adoption of
multilateral tax rules.

The rapid growth of multilateralism in tax administration means greater sharing of tax information among taxing
authorities as well as the likelihood of joint and simultaneous tax audits of companies such as ours who have
cross-border business activities in which the tax administrations may have a common or complementary interest. The
results of any such audits or related disputes could have an adverse effect on our financial results for the period
or periods for which the applicable final determinations are made. For example, we and our subsidiaries are engaged
in intercompany transactions across multiple tax jurisdictions. Although we believe we have clearly reflected the
economics of these transactions and that the proper local transfer pricing is in place, tax authorities may propose
and sustain adjustments that could result in changes that may impact our mix of earnings in countries with
differing statutory tax rates.

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock

The dual class structure of our common stock concentrates voting control with those stockholders who held our stock
prior to our initial public offering, including our executive officers, employees, and directors and their
affiliates, and limits the ability of holders of our Class A common stock to influence corporate matters.*

Our Class B common stock has 10 votes per share, and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. Our founder,
Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer, Anthony Wood, holds and controls the vote of a significant number of shares
of our outstanding common stock, and therefore Mr. Wood will have significant influence over our management and all
matters requiring stockholder approval, including election of directors and significant corporate transactions,
such as a merger or other sale of Roku or our assets, for the foreseeable future. If Mr. Wood’s employment with us
is terminated, he will continue to have the same influence over matters requiring stockholder approval.

In addition, the holders of Class B common stock collectively will continue to be able to control all matters
submitted to our stockholders for approval even if their stock holdings represent less than a majority of the
outstanding shares of our common stock. This concentrated control will limit the ability of holders of our Class A
common stock to influence corporate matters for the foreseeable future, and, as a result, the market price of our
Class A common stock could be adversely affected.

Future transfers by holders of Class B common stock will generally result in those shares converting to Class A
common stock, which has the effect, over time, of increasing the relative voting power of those holders of Class B
common stock who retain their shares in the long term. As a result of such transfers, as of June 30, 2025, Mr. Wood
controls a majority of the combined voting power of our Class A and Class B common stock even though he only owns
11.8% of the outstanding Class A and Class B common stock. As a member of our Board of Directors (our “Board”), Mr.
Wood owes a fiduciary duty to our stockholders and must act in good faith in a manner he reasonably believes to be
in the best interests of our stockholders. As a stockholder, even a controlling stockholder, Mr. Wood is entitled
to vote his shares in his own interests, which may not always be in the interests of our stockholders generally.
This concentrated control could delay, defer, or prevent a change of control, merger, consolidation, or sale of all
or substantially all of our
                                                        64                                                         
Table of Contents
assets that our other stockholders support, or conversely this concentrated control could result in the
consummation of such a transaction that our other stockholders do not support. This concentrated control could also
discourage a potential investor from acquiring our Class A common stock, which has limited voting power relative to
the Class B common stock, and might harm the market price of our Class A common stock.

We have not elected to take advantage of the “controlled company” exemption to the corporate governance rules for
companies listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market.

The market price of our Class A common stock has been, and may continue to be, volatile, and the value of our Class
A common stock may decline.

The market price of our Class A common stock has been and may continue to be subject to wide fluctuations in
response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including:

• actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition, operating results, and key performance metrics;

• changes in projected operational and financial results;

• our loss of key content partners;

• changes in laws or regulations applicable to our products or platform;

• the commencement or conclusion of legal proceedings that involve us;

• actual or anticipated changes in our growth rate relative to our competitors;

• announcements of new products or services by us or our competitors;

• announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, or joint ventures;

• capital-raising activities or commitments;

• additions or departures of key personnel;

• issuance of new or updated research or reports by securities analysts;

• the use by investors or analysts of third-party data regarding our business that may not reflect our financial
performance;

• fluctuations in the valuation of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us;

• the perception that our environmental, social, and corporate governance performance is inadequate compared to
that of our competitors;

• sales of our Class A common stock, including short selling of our Class A common stock;

• share price and volume fluctuations attributable to inconsistent trading volume levels of our shares;

• general economic and market conditions; and

• other events or factors, including those resulting from civil unrest, war, foreign invasions, geopolitical
tensions, terrorism, or public health crises, or responses to such events.

Furthermore, the stock markets frequently experience extreme price and volume fluctuations that affect the market
prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to
the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general
economic, political, and market conditions such as recessions, elections, interest rate changes, tariffs, or
international currency fluctuations, may negatively impact the market price of our Class A common stock. As a
result of such fluctuations, you may not realize any return on your investment in us and may lose some or all of
your investment. In addition, we and other companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their
stock have been, and may in the future be, subject to securities class action litigation or derivative litigation.
Such litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management’s attention from other business
concerns.

Future sales and issuances of our capital stock or rights to purchase capital stock could result in additional
dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to decline.

We may issue additional securities in the future and from time to time. Future sales and issuances of our capital
stock or rights to purchase our capital stock could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders. We
may sell or issue Class A common stock, convertible securities, and other equity securities in one or more
transactions at prices and in a manner as we may determine from time to time. If we sell any such securities in
subsequent transactions, investors may be materially diluted. New investors in such subsequent transactions could
gain rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of holders of our Class A common stock.

Future sales of shares by existing stockholders could cause our stock price to decline.

If our existing stockholders sell, or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts of our Class A common
stock in the public market, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline. All of our outstanding
Class A shares are eligible for sale in the public market, other than shares and stock options exercisable held by
directors, executive officers, and other affiliates that are subject to volume limitations under Rule 144 of the
Securities Act. In addition, we have reserved shares for future issuance under our equity incentive plan. Our
directors, employees, and certain contingent workers are subject to our quarterly trading window, which generally
opens at the start of the second full trading day after the public dissemination of our annual or quarterly
financial results and closes (i) with respect to the first, second,
                                                        65                                                         
Table of Contents
and third quarter of each year, at the end of the fifteenth day of the last month of such quarter and (ii) with
respect to the fourth quarter of each year, at the end of the trading day on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving.
These directors, employees, and contingent workers may also sell shares during a closed window period pursuant to
trading plans that comply with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c)(1) under the Exchange Act. When these shares are
issued and subsequently sold, it is dilutive to existing stockholders and the market price of our Class A common
stock could decline.

We cannot guarantee that our stock repurchase program will be fully consummated or that it will preserve or enhance
long-term stockholder value.*

Although our Board has authorized a stock repurchase program, the program does not require us to repurchase any
specific dollar amount or to acquire any specific number of shares of our Class A common stock and may be modified,
suspended, or terminated at any time. We cannot guarantee that the program will be fully consummated or that it
will preserve or enhance long-term stockholder value. The program could also affect the trading price of our Class
A common stock and increase volatility, and any announcement of a termination or change of this program may result
in a decrease in the trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, any repurchases made under this
program will reduce the amount of cash we have available to fund working capital, capital expenditures, strategic
transactions, and other general corporate requirements.

If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish unfavorable research about our business or if
they downgrade our stock, our stock price and trading volume could decline.

A limited number of equity research analysts provide research coverage of our Class A common stock, and we cannot
assure you that such equity research analysts will adequately provide research coverage of our Class A common
stock. A lack of adequate research coverage may adversely affect the liquidity and market price of our Class A
common stock.

If securities or industry analysts cover our company and one or more of these analysts downgrades our stock or
issues other unfavorable commentary or research, the price of our Class A common stock could decline. If one or
more equity research analysts cease coverage of our company, or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for
our stock could decrease, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline.

We incur costs and demands upon management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public
companies in the United States, which may harm our business.

As a public company listed in the United States, we incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses. In
addition, changing laws, regulations, and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure,
including SEC and The Nasdaq Global Select Market regulations, may increase legal and financial compliance costs
and make some activities more time-consuming. These laws, regulations, and standards are subject to varying
interpretations, and their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory
and governing bodies. We invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations, and standards, which may
result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management’s time and attention from
revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If, notwithstanding our efforts, we fail to comply with new
laws, regulations, and standards, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us, and our
business may be harmed.

Failure to comply with these rules might also make it more difficult for us to obtain certain types of insurance,
including director and officer liability insurance, and we might be forced to accept reduced policy limits and
coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these events
could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified directors and officers.

We do not intend to pay dividends in the foreseeable future.

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our Class A or Class B common stock and do not intend to pay
any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings to grow
our business and for general corporate purposes. Moreover, our Credit Agreement contains prohibitions on the
payment of cash dividends on our capital stock. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their Class A common
stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their
investments.

Provisions of our charter documents and Delaware law may prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to
change our management or hinder efforts to acquire a controlling interest in us, and the market price of our Class
A common stock may be lower as a result.

There are provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws that may make it difficult for a third party to
acquire, or attempt to acquire, control of our company, even if a change in control was considered favorable by our
stockholders. Our charter documents also contain other provisions that could have an anti-takeover effect, such as:

• establishing a classified Board so that not all directors are elected at one time;

• permitting our Board to establish the number of directors and fill any vacancies and newly created directorships;

• providing that directors may only be removed for cause;

• prohibiting cumulative voting for directors;
                                                        66                                                         
Table of Contents
• requiring super-majority voting to amend some provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws;

• authorizing the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock that our Board could use to implement a stockholder
rights plan;

• eliminating the ability of stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders;

• prohibiting stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a
meeting of our stockholders; and

• reflecting our two classes of common stock as described above.

Moreover, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by Section 203 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law, which prohibits a person who owns 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock from merging or
combining with us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired in
excess of 15% of our outstanding voting stock, unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed manner.
Any provision in our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or
deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their
shares of our Class A common stock and could affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our Class
A common stock.

Our certificate of incorporation provides that the Delaware Court of Chancery and the U.S. federal district courts
will be the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our
stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or
employees.

Our certificate of incorporation provides that the Delaware Court of Chancery is the exclusive forum for the
following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law:

• any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf;

• any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty;

• any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, our certificate
of incorporation, or our bylaws; and

• any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine.

This provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any
other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act
creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both
state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims.

To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings
by different courts, among other considerations, our certificate of incorporation provides that the U.S. federal
district courts will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under
the Securities Act.

While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder
may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions. In
such instance, we would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum
provisions of our certificate of incorporation. This may require significant additional costs associated with
resolving such action in other jurisdictions and there can be no assurance that the provisions will be enforced by
a court in those other jurisdictions.

These exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it
finds favorable for certain disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage
lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees. If a court were to find either exclusive
forum provision in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur
further significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, all of which
could harm our business.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds                                            │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
None.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities                                                                        │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
None.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures                                                                                │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Not a pplicab le.
                                                        67                                                         
Table of Contents
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 5. Other Information                                                                                      │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                                                                   
  Insider Trading Arrangements                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
During the three months ended June 30, 2025, no officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) or
directors of the Company adoptedor terminateda “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading
arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K.
                                                        68                                                         
Table of Contents
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 6. Exhibits                                                                                               │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                                                                   
                                   Incorporation by                                                                
                                   reference                                                                       
  Exhibit    Description           Form                  SEC File No.    Exhibit    Filing Date    Filed Herewith  
  Number                                                                                                           
             Amended and                                                                                           
             Restated                                                                                              
  3.1        Certificate of        8-K                   001-38211           3.1    10/3/2017                      
             Incorporation of                                                                                      
             Roku, Inc.                                                                                            
             Amended and                                                                                           
  3.2        Restated Bylaws of    S-1/A                 333-220318          3.4    9/18/2017                      
             Roku, Inc.                                                                                            
             Reference is made                                                                                     
  4.1        toExhibit                                                                                             
             3.1andExhibit 3.2                                                                                     
             Form of Class A                                                                                       
  4.2        common stock          S-1/A                 333-220318          4.1    9/18/2017                      
             certificate                                                                                           
             Certification of                                                                                      
             Principal                                                                                             
             Executive Officer                                                                                     
             Pursuant to Rules                                                                                     
             13a-14(a) and                                                                                         
             15d-14(a) under                                                                                       
  31.1       the Securities                                                                        X               
             Exchange Act of                                                                                       
             1934, as Adopted                                                                                      
             Pursuant to                                                                                           
             Section 302 of the                                                                                    
             Sarbanes-Oxley Act                                                                                    
             of 2002                                                                                               
             Certification of                                                                                      
             Principal                                                                                             
             Financial Officer                                                                                     
             Pursuant to Rules                                                                                     
             13a-14(a) and                                                                                         
             15d-14(a) under                                                                                       
  31.2       the Securities                                                                        X               
             Exchange Act of                                                                                       
             1934, as Adopted                                                                                      
             Pursuant to                                                                                           
             Section 302 of the                                                                                    
             Sarbanes-Oxley Act                                                                                    
             of 2002                                                                                               
             Certification of                                                                                      
             Principal                                                                                             
             Executive Officer                                                                                     
             Pursuant to 18                                                                                        
  32.1*      U.S.C. Section                                                                        X               
             1350, as Adopted                                                                                      
             Pursuant to                                                                                           
             Section 906 of the                                                                                    
             Sarbanes-Oxley Act                                                                                    
             of 2002                                                                                               
             Certification of                                                                                      
             Principal                                                                                             
             Financial Officer                                                                                     
             Pursuant to 18                                                                                        
  32.2*      U.S.C. Section                                                                        X               
             1350, as Adopted                                                                                      
             Pursuant to                                                                                           
             Section 906 of the                                                                                    
             Sarbanes-Oxley Act                                                                                    
             of 2002                                                                                               
             The following                                                                                         
             information from                                                                                      
             Roku, Inc.’s                                                                                          
             Quarterly Report                                                                                      
             on Form 10-Q for                                                                                      
             the quarter ended                                                                                     
             June 30, 2025                                                                                         
             formatted in                                                                                          
             Inline XBRL                                                                                           
             (Extensible                                                                                           
             Business Reporting                                                                                    
             Language) includes                                                                                    
             (i) the Condensed                                                                                     
             Consolidated                                                                                          
             Balance Sheets,                                                                                       
             (ii) the Condensed                                                                                    
             Consolidated                                                                                          
             Statements of                                                                                         
  101        Operations, (iii)                                                                     X               
             the Condensed                                                                                         
             Consolidated                                                                                          
             Statements of                                                                                         
             Comprehensive                                                                                         
             Income (Loss),                                                                                        
             (iv) the Condensed                                                                                    
             Consolidated                                                                                          
             Statements of                                                                                         
             Stockholders’                                                                                         
             Equity, (v) the                                                                                       
             Condensed                                                                                             
             Consolidated                                                                                          
             Statements of Cash                                                                                    
             Flows, and (vi)                                                                                       
             Notes to Condensed                                                                                    
             Consolidated                                                                                          
             Financial                                                                                             
             Statements.                                                                                           
             Cover Page                                                                                            
             Interactive Data                                                                                      
  104        File (formatted in                                                                    X               
             Inline XBRL and                                                                                       
             contained in                                                                                          
             Exhibit 101)                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
* These exhibits are furnished with this Quarterly Report and are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission and are not incorporated by reference in any filing of Roku, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, or the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date hereof and
irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filings.
                                                        69                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                                    SIGNATURES                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Quarterly
Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
                                                                                                           
                          Roku, Inc.                                                                       
  Date: August 1, 2025    By:           /s/ Anthony Wood                                                   
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                        Anthony Wood                                                       
                                        President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman                    
                                        (Principal Executive Officer)                                      
  Date: August 1, 2025    By:           /s/ Dan Jedda                                                      
                                        Dan Jedda                                                          
                                        Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer                
                                        (Principal Financial Officer)                                      
  Date: August 1, 2025    By:           /s/ Matthew Banks                                                  
                                        Matthew Banks                                                      
                                        Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer  
                                        (Principal Accounting Officer)                                     
                                                                                                           
                                                        70                                                         
