UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): September 30, 
2020 ROKU, INC. (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)                                             
                                                                                                  
  Delaware                           001-38211                  26-2087865                        
  (State or Other Jurisdiction of    -Commission File Number    -IRS Employer Identification No.  
  Incorporation)                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
                                                         
  1155 Coleman Avenue San Jose, California        95110  
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)    -Zip Code  
                                                         
(408) 556-9040 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code Not Applicable (Former Name or Former Address,  
if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-Kfiling is intended to simultaneously  
satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions    
A.2. below):                                                                                                       
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                                          
  Title of Each Class:                       Trading Symbol(s):    Name of Exchange on Which Registered:  
  Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value    “ROKU”                The Nasdaq Global Select Market        
                                                                                                          
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2of
this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant   
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                                                                                                                   
  Item 5.02  Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;   
             Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.                                                        
                                                                                                                   
On September 30, 2020, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Roku, Inc. approved the terms of an 
Executive Supplemental Stock Option Program (the “ Program”) whereby our executive officers may elect to reduce    
their annual base salary for calendar year 2021 in exchange for a series of monthly grants of fully-vested         
nonstatutory stock options under our 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the “ Plan”). Each officer’s election to          
participate in the Program will be made under an Executive Supplemental Stock Option Program 2021 Enrollment Form  
and must be completed during the last open trading window in 2020. The Program will commence in January 2021. No   
officer participating in the Program may withdraw from the Program, unless the withdrawal is during an open trading
window when the officer is not in possession of material, non-publicinformation and such withdrawal is due to an   
unforeseeable emergency. If an officer withdraws from the Program, they will not be able to re-enroll inthe        
Program. No officer participating in the Program may change their election amount during the year. The number of   
options granted will be determined based on the following formula: (i) the monthly dollar amount by which the      
officer has elected to reduce their annual base salary divided by (ii) the quotient of (x) the closing price of our
Class A common stock as reported by The Nasdaq Global Select Market on the date of grant (the “ Fair Market Value”)
and (y) a factor intended to result in such quotient approximating a Black-Scholes value (the “ Stock Option       
Ratio”), with the Stock Option Ratio to be in effect during 2021 will be determined prior to the initiation of     
enrollment. For example, if an officer elects to reduce their annual base salary by $20,000 per month to           
participate in the Program and the Fair Market Value is $50.00, then the officer will be granted an option to      
purchase the number of shares of our Class A common stock under the Program equal to (i) $20,000 divided by (ii)   
the quotient of (x) $50.00 divided by (y) the Stock Option Ratio, rounded down to the nearest whole share. Each    
monthly grant will be made on the first trading day of the month (contingent upon the officer’s continued service  
as of that date), will be fully vested on the grant date and will have an exercise price equal to the Fair Market  
Value. The options will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and will be administered on a non-      
discretionary basiswithout further action by our Compensation Committee. These stock options will be exercisable   
for up to ten years following the date of grant regardless of the employment status of the officer. The            
Supplemental Stock Option Program 2021 Enrollment Form and the form stock option grant notice and agreement to be  
used in connection with the Program are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, to this Current Report on   
Form 8-K andare incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description does not purport to be complete and is 
qualified in its entirety by the terms of the exhibits.                                                            
                                                
  Item 9.01  Financial Statement and Exhibits.  
                                                
                  
  (d)  Exhibits.  
                  
The following exhibits are furnished herewith:                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                Incorporation by                                                   
                                                reference                                                          
  Exhibit Number    Description                 Form                       SEC File No.    Exhibit    Filing Date  
                    Executive Supplemental                                                                         
  10.1              Stock Option Program                                                                           
                    2021 Enrollment Form                                                                           
                    Forms of Option Grant                                                                          
                    Notice and Executive                                                                           
                    Supplemental Stock                                                                             
  10.2              Option Agreement and        8-K                        001-38211          10.2    12/07/2018   
                    Option Grant Notice                                                                            
                    under 2017 Equity                                                                              
                    Incentive Plan                                                                                 
                    Cover Page Interactive                                                                         
  104               Data File (embedded                                                                            
                    within the Inline XBRL                                                                         
                    document)                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                                                   
  Dated: October 6, 2020         Roku, Inc.                                        
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                            By:              /s/ Steve Louden                      
                                             Steve Louden Chief Financial Officer  
                                                                                   
