                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              Washington, D.C. 20549                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     Form 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                      Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934                       
                                                                                                                   
                          Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): July 28, 2025                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                    Roku, Inc.                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)                               
                                                                                             
  Delaware                                    001-38211                          26-2087865  
  (State or Other Jurisdiction                -Commission File Number         -IRS Employer  
  of Incorporation)                                                      Identification No.  
  1173 Coleman Ave                                                                    95110  
  San Jose,California                                                                        
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)                                        -Zip Code  
                                                                                             
                                                  ( 408) 556-9040                                                  
                                                                                                                   
                               (Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                  Not Applicable                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                           (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)                           
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions A.2. below):
                                                                                              
  ☐    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                              
                                                                                               
  ☐    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                               
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                                                                          
  Title of Each Class:                       Trading Symbol(s):    Name of Exchange on Which Registered:  
  Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value    ROKU                  The Nasdaq Global Select Market        
                                                                                                          
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2
of this chapter).
Emerging growth company ☐
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On July 31, 2025 , Roku, Inc. (the “Company”) announced its financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2025.
The Company’s Shareholder Letter, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1, is incorporated herein by reference.

The information in this Item 2.02, including Exhibit 99.1, is being furnished and shall not be treated as “filed”
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference
into any registration statement or other document pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, except as expressly stated by specific reference in such filing.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;
Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On July 28, 2025, the Company’s Board of Directors approved the appointment of Dan Jedda, the Company’s current
Chief Financial Officer, as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer.

Mr. Jedda has served as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer since he joined the Company in May 2023. Prior to
joining the Company, Mr. Jedda served as the Chief Financial Officer of Stitch Fix, Inc. from December 2020 through
April 2023. From June 2005 to December 2020, Mr. Jedda held various positions at Amazon.com, including serving as
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Digital Video (including Amazon Studios), Digital Music, and the
Advertising and Corporate Development organizations. Previously, Mr. Jedda also served as a Controller for Toshiba
America and spent several years at Honeywell and ADC Telecommunications in various business finance roles,
including treasury and internal audit. Mr. Jedda holds a B.A. in Accounting and Finance from the University of St.
Thomas and an M.B.A. from the University of Minnesota, Carlson School of Management.
                                                                                                                   
  Item 8.01                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Other Events.                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
On July 31, 2025, the Company announced in its Shareholder Letter that its Board of Directors has approved a stock
repurchase program with authorization to purchase up to $400 million of its Class A common stock through December
31, 2026. Repurchases under the stock repurchase program may be made at the Company’s discretion from time to time
in open market transactions at prevailing market prices, including through trading plans that may be adopted in
accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or through other means. The amount
and timing of repurchases will depend on a variety of factors, including general market conditions, the trading
price of the Company’s Class A common stock, corporate and regulatory requirements, the availability of funds,
other investment opportunities, and other considerations the Company deems relevant. The stock repurchase program
may be modified, suspended, or terminated at any time.
                                                                                                                   
  Forward-Looking Statements                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
This Current Report on Form 8-K contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of the federal securities
laws, including statements regarding plans and expectations, including the sources of funding, for the Company’s
stock repurchase program. Such forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s current beliefs, assumptions
and information available to the Company and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that
may cause actual results to be materially different from any future results expressed or implied by the forward-
looking statements. Important risks related to such statements include changes in price and volume and the
volatility of the Company’s Class A common stock, adverse developments affecting prices and trading of exchange-
traded securities, and unexpected, unplanned or alternative requirements with respect to the capital investments or
other uses of cash of the Company, as well as the risks and factors contained in the reports the Company has filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Company’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law, the Company assumes no obligation to update these
forward-looking statements as the result of new information, future events or otherwise.
                                                                                                                   
  Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                 
  (d)               Exhibits.                                                                    
  Exhibit Number    Description                                                                  
  99.1*             Shareholder Letter dated July 31, 2025                                       
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  104               Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)  
                                                                                                 
* This exhibit is intended to be furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of the Securities and
Exchange Act of 1934.
                                                                                                                   
                                                     SIGNATURE                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                                                             
  Dated: July 31, 2025    Roku, Inc.                                                         
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                          By:           /s/ Dan Jedda                                        
                                        Dan Jedda                                            
                                        Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer  
                                                                                             
