                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                             _________________________                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                             ________________________                                              
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                      Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934                       
                                                                                                                   
                         Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): August 26, 2020                         
                                                                                                                   
                                             _________________________                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                          Zoom Video Communications, Inc.                                          
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)                               
                                                                                                                   
                                             _________________________                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                           
  Delaware                                    001-38865                                        61-1648780  
  (State or Other Jurisdiction of             -Commission File Number    -IRS Employer Identification No.  
  Incorporation)                                                                                           
  55 Almaden Boulevard, 6th Floor                                                                   95113  
  San Jose, California                                                                                     
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)                                                      -Zip Code  
                                                                                                           
                                                  (888) 799-9666                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                               (Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                  Not Applicable                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                           (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)                           
                                                                                                                   
                                             _________________________                                             
                                                                                                                   
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions A.2. below):
                                                                                                               
  ☐    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)                   
  ☐    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)                  
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                               
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                                                                            
  Title of each class                       Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Class A Common Stock, $0.001 par value    ZM                   The Nasdaq Global Select Market            
  per share                                                                                                 
                                                                                                            
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2
of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☒

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☒
                                                                                                                   
  Item 5.02                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory
Arrangements of Certain Officers

On August 26, 2020, Roy Benhorin, Chief Accounting Officer of Zoom Video Communications, Inc. (the “Company”)
notified the Company of his decision to resign from the Company effective October 16, 2020. Mr. Benhorin’s
resignation is not a result of any disagreement with the Company’s independent auditors or any member of management
on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or internal controls.

On August 30, 2020, the Company’s board of directors appointed Shane Crehan, age 46, to serve as the Company’s
principal accounting officer, effective September 21, 2020. Mr. Benhorin will remain the Company’s principal
accounting officer until the effective date of Mr. Crehan’s appointment. Mr. Crehan most recently served as Chief
Accounting Officer of Eventbrite, Inc. from January 2019 to September 2020. From December 2009 to July 2018, Mr.
Crehan held various finance roles at Facebook, Inc., a global social networking company, including as Head of
International Finance and Global Finance Operations from 2016 to 2018. Mr. Crehan started his career as a public
accountant with Ernst & Young, and prior to joining Facebook, held various roles in the financial services and
online gambling industries. Mr. Crehan holds a Bachelor of Arts (with first class honors) in Law and Accounting
from the University of Limerick in Ireland. Mr. Crehan is a Fellow Chartered Accountant of Chartered Accountants
Ireland and has subsequently completed a professional Diploma in International Financial Reporting Standards with
distinction.

In connection with Mr. Crehan’s appointment as Chief Accounting Officer, the Company entered into an employment
offer letter with Mr. Crehan. The employment offer letter provides for, among other things, (i) an annual base
salary of $350,000, (ii) a sign-on bonus of $40,000, which is recoverable should Mr. Crehan voluntarily terminate
his employment within 12 months of his start date, (iii) eligibility to participate in the Company’s standard
corporate bonus program for non-commissioned employees, and (iv) an award of restricted stock units under the
Company’s 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, subject to time-based vesting over four years, valued at approximately
$3,500,000. There is no family relationship between Mr. Crehan and any of the directors or executive officers of
the Company.
                                                                                                                   
                                                    SIGNATURES                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                                                          
                              Zoom Video Communications, Inc.                             
  Dated: September 1, 2020    By:                                /s/ Kelly Steckelberg    
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                 Kelly Steckelberg        
                                                                 Chief Financial Officer  
                                                                                          
