UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): September 16,
2024 Roku, Inc. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)
                                                                                              
  Delaware                         001-38211                26-2087865                        
  (State or Other Jurisdiction of  -Commission File Number  -IRS Employer Identification No.  
  Incorporation)                                                                              
                                                                                              
                                                         
  1173 Coleman Ave                                95110  
  San Jose,California                                    
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)    -Zip Code  
                                                         
( 408) 556-9040 Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code Not Applicable (Former Name or Former Address,
if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously
satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions
A.2. below):
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                                                                         
  Title of each class                      Trading Symbol(s)  Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value  ROKU               The Nasdaq Global Select Market            
                                                                                                         
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (§ 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§
240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
                                                          
  Item 1.01  Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.  
                                                          
Credit Agreement On September 16, 2024, Roku, Inc. (“ Roku ”) entered into a credit agreement (the “ Credit
Agreement”), by and among Roku, as borrower, Purple Tag Enterprises, LLC, Purple Tag Originals, LLC, This Old House
Productions, LLC and This Old House Ventures, LLC, as guarantors, the lenders and issuing banks party thereto, and
Citibank N.A., as administrative agent. The Credit Agreement provides for a five-year revolving credit facility in
an aggregate principal amount of up to $300 million, and includes an uncommitted increase option of up to an
additional $300 million exercisable upon the satisfaction of certain customary conditions. The Credit Agreement
provides for a $100 million sub-facility for the issuance of letters of credit and certain existing letters of
credit will be deemed outstanding under this facility. The Credit Agreement will mature on September 16, 2029 (the
“ Termination Date”). Extensions of credit under the Credit Agreement may be used for general corporate purposes,
including to finance working capital requirements. The Credit Agreement contains financial covenants requiring the
maintenance of a minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum total net leverage ratio, as well as customary
events of default, the occurrence of which could result in amounts borrowed under the Credit Agreement becoming due
and payable and remaining commitments terminated prior to the Termination Date. The Credit Agreement also contains
a number of customary affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, impose restrictions, subject to
certain exceptions, on indebtedness, liens, fundamental changes, investments, asset dispositions, restricted
payments, dividends and distributions, prepayment of other indebtedness, transactions with affiliates, restrictive
agreements, amendments of material documents, and the abandonment of intellectual property. The obligations under
the Credit Agreement, along with certain swap and banking services obligations, are secured by substantially all
the assets of Roku and its subsidiaries that are guarantors under the Credit Agreement, except for certain
customary excluded assets. Certain lenders under the Credit Agreement and their affiliates have, from time to time,
provided investment banking, commercial banking, advisory and other services to Roku and/or its affiliates for
which they have received customary fees and commissions and such lenders and their affiliates may provide these
services from time to time in the future. A copy of the Credit Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is
incorporated herein by reference. The description of the Credit Agreement in this report is a summary and is
qualified in its entirety by the terms of the Credit Agreement attached hereto.
                                                                                                                   
  Item 2.03  Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of  
             a Registrant.                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
(a) Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation. The information set forth under Item 1.01 of this Current Report on
Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.
                                                 
  Item 9.01  Financial Statements and Exhibits.  
                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                  Exhibits.                                                                                        
                  Description                                                                                      
  (d)             Credit Agreement, dated as of                                                                    
  Exhibit Number  September 16, 2024, amongRoku, Inc., as borrower, Citibank N.A., as administrative agent, and    
  10.1            the other credit parties and lenders party thereto                                               
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  104             Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)                      
                                                                                                                   
SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                          
                                 Roku, Inc.               
  Date: September 17, 2024  By:  /s/ Dan Jedda            
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                 Dan Jedda                
                                 Chief Financial Officer  
                                                          
