                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              Washington, D.C. 20549                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934                                        
                                                                                                                   
                        Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): November 9, 2022                         
                                                                                                                   
                                               Meta Platforms, Inc.                                                
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                               
                                                                     
  Delaware                        001-35551      20-1665019          
  (State or Other Jurisdiction    -Commission    -IRS Employer       
  of Incorporation)               File Number    Identification No.  
                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                  1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California 94025                                   
                                                                                                                   
                               (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code)                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                  ( 650) 543-4800                                                  
                                                                                                                   
                               (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                        N/A                                                        
                                                                                                                   
                           (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)                           
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
                                                                                                               
  ☐    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)                   
  ☐    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)                  
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                               
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                                                                         
  Title of each class                    Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Class A Common Stock, $0.000006 par    META                 The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  value                                                                                                  
                                                                                                         
                                                                                 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant                                  
  is an emerging growth company as defined in                                    
  Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933                                         
  (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the                                
  Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of                                 
  this chapter).                                                                 
                                                   Emerging growth company    ☐  
  If an emerging growth company, indicate by                                     
  check mark if the registrant has elected not to                                
  use the extended transition period for                                      ☐  
  complying with any new or revised financial                                    
  accounting standards provided pursuant to                                      
  Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.                                             
                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
  Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
On November 9, 2022, Meta Platforms, Inc. ("Meta," "we" or "our") published a Newsroom post announcing a planned
layoff. A copy of Meta's Newsroom post is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Meta is also providing the
updates below to the outlook commentary from our third quarter 2022 earnings conference call held on October 26,
2022.

Our outlook for fourth quarter 2022 revenue of $30-32.5 billion is unchanged.

The 2022 and 2023 expense outlooks provided on the third quarter 2022 earnings conference call contemplated the
financial impact of the layoff announced today, which is anticipated to impact approximately 11,000 of our
employees across our Family of Apps and Reality Labs segments.

Our 2022 expense outlook of $85-87 billion also remains unchanged and includes the estimated severance-related
costs we expect to record in the fourth quarter of 2022 as well as the previously announced $900 million in
estimated charges related to consolidating our office facilities footprint. The estimated impact of charges related
to severance we expect to record in the fourth quarter of 2022, net of reduced accruals for employee costs, is not
material.

We have continued to refine our 2023 expense budget and now expect 2023 total expenses to be in the range of
$94-100 billion, lowered from $96-101 billion previously. This includes the previously disclosed $2 billion in
estimated charges related to consolidating our office facilities footprint. The updated range reflects our plan to
add fewer employees in 2023 than we previously expected as we are significantly slowing our hiring trajectory
through the beginning of 2023.

We continue to anticipate that Reality Labs operating losses in 2023 will grow significantly year-over-year.

In addition, we are updating our 2023 capital expenditures outlook to be in the range of $34-37 billion, narrowed
from $34-39 billion.

We will continue to refine our investment plans and update our guidance as appropriate throughout the year.

The information furnished with this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of
Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the
liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any other filing under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in
such a filing.

This Current Report on Form 8-K and the accompanying Newsroom post contain forward-looking statements regarding
Meta's future business plans and expectations, including statements relating to Meta's expectations with respect to
its 2022 and 2023 financial outlook. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and may differ
materially from actual results due to a variety of factors, including: the impact of macroeconomic conditions on
our business and financial results, including as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events;
our ability to retain or increase users and engagement levels; our reliance on advertising revenue; our dependency
on data signals and mobile operating systems, networks, and standards that we do not control; changes to the
content or application of third-party policies that impact our advertising practices; risks associated with new
products and changes to existing products as well as other new business initiatives, including our metaverse
efforts; our emphasis on community growth and engagement and the user experience over short-term financial results;
maintaining and enhancing our brand and reputation; our ongoing privacy, safety, security, and content review
efforts; competition; risks associated with government actions that could restrict access to our products or impair
our ability to sell advertising in certain countries; litigation and government inquiries; privacy, legislative,
and regulatory concerns or developments; risks associated with acquisitions; security breaches; our ability to
manage our scale and geographically-dispersed operations; and the impact of our cost-reduction initiatives,
including the planned layoff. Because some of these risks and uncertainties cannot be predicted or quantified and
some are beyond Meta's control, you should not rely on forward-looking statements as predictions of future events.
More information about potential risks and uncertainties that could affect our business and financial results is
more fully detailed under the caption "Risk Factors" in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on
October 27, 2022, which is available on our Investor Relations website at investor.fb.com and on the SEC website at
www.sec.gov. In addition, please note that the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K and the accompanying
Newsroom post is November 9, 2022, and any forward-looking statements contained herein are based on assumptions
that Meta believes to be reasonable as of this date. Meta undertakes no obligation to update these statements as a
result of new information or future events.
                                                                                                                   
   Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
(d) Exhibits
                                                                                                                   
  Exhibit Number    Exhibit Title or Description                                                                   
  99.1              Newsroom Post dated November 9, 2022                                                           
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  104               Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the inline      
                    XBRL document)                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                    SIGNATURES                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                                                                             
                               META PLATFORMS, INC.                                                          
  Date:    November 9, 2022    By:                     /s/ Katherine R. Kelly                                
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                               Name:                   Katherine R. Kelly                                    
                               Title:                  Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Secretary  
                                                                                                             
