                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              Washington, D.C. 20549                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                   ____________________________________________                                    
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 10-Q                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                   ____________________________________________                                    
(Mark One)

☒ QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                                                                                                                   
                                   For the quarterly period ended June 30, 2025                                    
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                        or                                                         
                                                                                                                   
☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                                                                                                                   
                                         For the transition period from to                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                         Commission File Number: 001-35551                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                   ____________________________________________                                    
                                                                                                                   
                                               Meta Platforms, Inc.                                                
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                               
                                                                                                                   
                                   ____________________________________________                                    
                                                                                           
  Delaware                                         20-1665019                              
  (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation    -I.R.S. Employer Identification Number  
  or organization)                                                                         
                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                     1 Meta Way, Menlo Park, California 94025                                      
                                                                                                                   
                               (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code)                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                  ( 650) 543-4800                                                  
                                                                                                                   
                               (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)                                
                                                                                                                   
                                   ____________________________________________                                    
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                                                                         
  Title of each class                    Trading symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Class A Common Stock, $0.000006 par    META                 The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  value                                                                                                  
                                                                                                         
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. Yes☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to
be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated
filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.
                                                                                   
  Large accelerated filer                     ☒    Accelerated filer            ☐  
  Non-accelerated filer                       ☐    Smaller reporting company    ☐  
                                                   Emerging growth company      ☐  
  If an emerging growth company, indicate                                          
  by check mark if the registrant has                                              
  elected not to use the extended                                                  
  transition period for complying with any                                      ☐  
  new or revised financial accounting                                              
  standards provided pursuant to Section                                           
  13(a) of the Exchange Act.                                                       
                                                                                   
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).
Yes ☐ No ☒
Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of Common Stock, as of the latest
practicable date.
                                                                                                                   
  Class                                                           Number of Shares                                 
                                                                       Outstanding                                 
         Class A Common Stock    $0.000006 par value                 2,168,962,480    shares outstanding as of     
                                                                                      July 25, 2025                
         Class B Common Stock    $0.000006 par value                   343,178,995    shares outstanding as of     
                                                                                      July 25, 2025                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                               Meta Platforms, Inc.                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     Form 10-Q                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                   For the Quarterly Period Ended June 30, 2025                                    
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                 TABLE OF CONTENTS                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                             Page  
  Note About Forward-Looking Statements                                                                         3  
  Limitations of Key Metrics and Other                                                                          4  
  Data                                                                                                             
  PART I—FINANCIAL INFORMATION                                                                                  6  
  Item 1.                                  Financial Statements (unaudited)                                     6  
                                           Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets—June30, 2025 and               6  
                                           December 31, 2024                                                       
                                           Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income—for the                  7  
                                           threeandsixmonths endedJune30, 2025 and 2024                            
                                           Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income—for        8  
                                           the threeand sixmonths endedJune30, 2025 and 2024                       
                                           Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity—for        9  
                                           the threeand sixmonths endedJune30, 2025 and 2024                       
                                           Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows—for                 10  
                                           thesixmonths endedJune30, 2025 and 2024                                 
                                           Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements                12  
  Item 2.                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition         28  
                                           and Results of Operations                                               
  Item 3.                                  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk          45  
  Item 4.                                  Controls and Procedures                                             46  
  PART II—OTHER INFORMATION                                                                                    47  
  Item 1.                                  Legal Proceedings                                                   47  
  Item 1A.                                 Risk Factors                                                        53  
  Item 2.                                  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds         90  
  Item 5.                                  Other Information                                                   90  
  Item 6.                                  Exhibits                                                            91  
  SIGNATURES                                                                                                   92  
                                                                                                                   
                                                         2                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                       NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS                                       
                                                                                                                   
This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements. All statements contained in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our future results of
operations and financial position, our business strategy and plans, and our objectives for future operations, are
forward-looking statements. The words "believe," "may," "will," "estimate," "continue," "anticipate," "intend,"
"expect," and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-
looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we
believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term
business operations and objectives, and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number
of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in Part II, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New
risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the
impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause
actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of
these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in
the forward‑looking statements.

We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking
statements, except as required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on such forward‑looking statements.

Unless expressly indicated or the context requires otherwise, the terms "Meta," "company," "we," "us," and "our" in
this document refer to Meta Platforms, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and, where appropriate, its subsidiaries. The
term "Family" refers to our Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and WhatsApp products. For references to accessing
Meta's products on the "web" or via a "website," such terms refer to accessing such products on personal computers.
For references to accessing Meta's products on "mobile," such term refers to accessing such products via a mobile
application or via a mobile-optimized version of our websites such as m.facebook.com, whether on a mobile phone or
tablet.
                                                         3                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                     LIMITATIONS OF KEY METRICS AND OTHER DATA                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Family Metrics                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
The numbers for our key metrics are calculated using internal company data based on the activity of user accounts.
We report our estimates of the numbers of our daily active people (DAP) and average revenue per person (ARPP)
(collectively, our "Family metrics") based on the activity of users who visited at least one of Facebook,
Instagram, Messenger, and WhatsApp (collectively, our "Family" of products) during the applicable period of
measurement.

While these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates of our user base for the applicable
period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring usage of our products across large online and
mobile populations around the world. The methodologies used to measure these metrics require significant judgment
and are also susceptible to algorithm or other technical errors. In addition, we are continually seeking to improve
our estimates of our user base, and such estimates may change due to improvements or changes in our methodology. We
regularly review our processes for calculating these metrics, and from time to time we discover inaccuracies in our
metrics or make adjustments to improve their accuracy, which can result in adjustments to our historical metrics.
Our ability to recalculate our historical metrics may be impacted by data limitations or other factors that require
us to apply different methodologies for such adjustments. We generally do not intend to update previously disclosed
Family metrics for any such inaccuracies or adjustments that are within the error margins disclosed below.

In addition, our Family metrics estimates will differ from estimates published by third parties due to differences
in methodology or other factors such as data limitations or other challenges in measuring large online and mobile
populations. For example, our methodologies include measurements of our user base that have in some instances
exceeded estimates of addressable online and mobile populations that are based on data published by third parties.

Many people in our community have user accounts on more than one of our products, and some people have multiple
user accounts within an individual product. Accordingly, for our Family metrics, we do not seek to count the total
number of user accounts across our products because we believe that would not reflect the actual size of our
community. Rather, our Family metrics represent our estimates of the number of unique people using at least one of
Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and WhatsApp. We do not require people to use a common identifier or link their
accounts to use multiple products in our Family, and therefore must seek to attribute multiple user accounts within
and across products to individual people. To calculate these metrics, we rely upon complex techniques, algorithms
and machine learning models that seek to count the individual people behind user accounts, including by matching
multiple user accounts within an individual product and across multiple products when we believe they are
attributable to a single person, and counting such group of accounts as one person. These techniques and models
require significant judgment, are subject to data and other limitations discussed below, and inherently are subject
to statistical variances and uncertainties. We estimate the potential error in our Family metrics primarily based
on user survey data as described further below, which itself is subject to error as well. While we expect the error
margin for our Family metrics to vary from period to period, we estimate that such margin generally will be
approximately 3% of our worldwide DAP. At our scale, it is very difficult to attribute multiple user accounts
within and across products to individual people, and it is possible that the actual numbers of unique people using
our products may vary significantly from our estimates, potentially beyond our estimated error margins. As a
result, it is also possible that our Family metrics may indicate changes or trends in user numbers that do not
match actual changes or trends.

To calculate our estimates of DAP, we currently use a series of machine learning models that are developed based on
internal reviews of limited samples of user accounts and calibrated against user survey data. We apply significant
judgment in designing these models and calculating these estimates. For example, to match user accounts within
individual products and across multiple products, we use data signals such as similar device information, IP
addresses, and user names. We also calibrate our models against data from periodic user surveys of varying sizes
and frequency across our products, which survey questions are based on monthly usage, and which are inherently
subject to error. The timing and results of such user surveys have in the past contributed, and may in the future
contribute, to changes in our reported Family metrics from period to period. In addition, our data limitations may
affect our understanding of certain details of our business and increase the risk of error for our Family metrics
estimates. Our techniques and models rely on a variety of data signals from different products, and we rely on more
limited data signals for some products compared to others. For example, as a result of limited visibility into
encrypted products, we have fewer data signals from WhatsApp user accounts and primarily rely on phone numbers and
device information to match WhatsApp user accounts with accounts on our other products. Any loss of access to data
signals
                                                         4                                                         
Table of Contents
we use in our process for calculating Family metrics, whether as a result of our own product decisions, actions by
third-party browser or mobile platforms, regulatory or legislative requirements, or other factors, also may impact
the stability or accuracy of our reported Family metrics, as well as our ability to report these metrics at all.
Our estimates of Family metrics also may change as our methodologies evolve, including through the application of
new data signals or technologies, product changes, or other improvements in our user surveys, algorithms, or
machine learning that may improve our ability to match accounts within and across our products or otherwise
evaluate the broad population of our users. In addition, such evolution may allow us to identify previously
undetected violating accounts (as defined below).

We regularly evaluate our Family metrics to estimate the percentage of our DAP consisting solely of "violating"
accounts. We define "violating" accounts as accounts which we believe are intended to be used for purposes that
violate our terms of service, including bots and spam. In the fourth quarter of 2024, we estimated that less than
3% of our worldwide DAP consisted solely of violating accounts. Such estimation is based on an internal review of a
limited sample of accounts, and we apply significant judgment in making this determination. For example, we look
for account information and behaviors associated with Facebook and Instagram accounts that appear to be inauthentic
to the reviewers, but we have limited visibility into WhatsApp user activity due to encryption. In addition, if we
believe an individual person has one or more violating accounts, we do not include such person in our violating
accounts estimation as long as we believe they have one account that does not constitute a violating account. From
time to time, we disable certain user accounts, make product changes, or take other actions to reduce the number of
violating accounts among our users, which may also reduce our DAP estimates in a particular period. We intend to
continue to disclose our estimates of the percentage of our DAP consisting solely of violating accounts on an
annual basis in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Violating accounts are very difficult to measure at our scale, and
it is possible that the actual number of violating accounts may vary significantly from our estimates.
                                                                                                                   
  User Geography                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
Our estimates for revenue by user location, as well as year-over-year percentage changes in ad impressions
delivered and the average price per ad by user location, are also affected by data limitations and other challenges
in measuring user geography. Our data regarding the geographic location of our users is estimated based on a number
of factors, such as the user's IP address and self-disclosed location. These factors may not always accurately
reflect the user's actual location. For example, a user may appear to be accessing our products from the location
of the proxy server that the user connects to rather than from the user's actual location. The methodologies used
to measure our metrics are also susceptible to algorithm or other technical errors.
                                                         5                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  PART I—FINANCIAL INFORMATION                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 1.                                                                                                        │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Financial Statements                                                                                           │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                                                                   
                                               META PLATFORMS, INC.                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS                                       
                                                                                                                   
                               (In millions, except number of shares and par value)                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                    (Unaudited)                                                    
                                                                                   
                                                 June 30,                          
                                                     2025       December 31, 2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Assets                                                                           
  Current assets:                                                                  
  Cash and cash equivalents                   $    12,005    $             43,889  
  Marketable securities                            35,066                  33,926  
  Accounts receivable, net                         16,561                  16,994  
  Prepaid expenses and other current                9,981                   5,236  
  assets                                                                           
  Total current assets                             73,613                 100,045  
  Non-marketable equity investments                21,988                   6,070  
  Property and equipment, net                     147,039                 121,346  
  Operating lease right-of-use assets              15,662                  14,922  
  Goodwill                                         20,654                  20,654  
  Other assets                                     15,788                  13,017  
  Total assets                                $   294,744    $            276,054  
  Liabilities and stockholders' equity                                             
  Current liabilities:                                                             
  Accounts payable                            $    10,271    $              7,687  
  Operating lease liabilities, current              1,977                   1,942  
  Accrued expenses and other current               25,057                  23,967  
  liabilities                                                                      
  Total current liabilities                        37,305                  33,596  
  Operating lease liabilities, non-current         18,751                  18,292  
  Long-term debt                                   28,832                  28,826  
  Long-term income taxes                           12,046                   9,987  
  Other liabilities                                 2,740                   2,716  
  Total liabilities                                99,674                  93,417  
  Commitments and contingencies                                                    
  Stockholders' equity:                                                            
  Common stock, $0.000006par                                                       
  value;5,000million Class A shares                                                
  authorized,2,173million and2,190million                                          
  shares issued and outstanding, as of                                             
  June 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024,                  —                       —  
  respectively;4,141million Class B shares                                         
  authorized,343million and344million                                              
  shares issued and outstanding, as of                                             
  June 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024,                                             
  respectively                                                                     
  Additional paid-in capital                       88,496                  83,228  
  Accumulated other comprehensive income              229                  -3,097  
  (loss)                                                                           
  Retained earnings                               106,345                 102,506  
  Total stockholders' equity                      195,070                 182,637  
  Total liabilities and stockholders'         $   294,744    $            276,054  
  equity                                                                           
                                                                                   
                      See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                         6                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                               META PLATFORMS, INC.                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME                                    
                                                                                                                   
                                      (In millions, except per share amounts)                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                    (Unaudited)                                                    
                                                                                                                   
                                 Three Months Ended June                       Six Months Ended June               
                                                     30,                                         30,               
                                                    2025         2024                           2025         2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue                    $                    47,516    $  39,071    $                    89,830    $  75,527  
  Costs and expenses:                                                                                              
  Cost of revenue                                  8,491        7,308                         16,063       13,948  
  Research and                                    12,942       10,537                         25,092       20,515  
  development                                                                                                      
  Marketing and sales                              2,979        2,721                          5,735        5,285  
  General and                                      2,663        3,658                          4,943        7,114  
  administrative                                                                                                   
  Total costs and                                 27,075       24,224                         51,833       46,862  
  expenses                                                                                                         
  Income from operations                          20,441       14,847                         37,997       28,665  
  Interest and other                                  93          259                            919          624  
  income, net                                                                                                      
  Income before provision                         20,534       15,106                         38,916       29,289  
  for income taxes                                                                                                 
  Provision for income                             2,197        1,641                          3,935        3,455  
  taxes                                                                                                            
  Net income                 $                    18,337    $  13,465    $                    34,981    $  25,834  
  Earnings per share:                                                                                              
  Basic                      $                      7.28    $    5.31    $                     13.87    $   10.17  
  Diluted                    $                      7.14    $    5.16    $                     13.56    $    9.86  
  Weighted-average shares                                                                                          
  used to compute                                                                                                  
  earnings per share:                                                                                              
  Basic                                            2,518        2,534                          2,522        2,540  
  Diluted                                          2,570        2,610                          2,580        2,619  
                                                                                                                   
                      See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                         7                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                               META PLATFORMS, INC.                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                             CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                   (In millions)                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                    (Unaudited)                                                    
                                                                                                                   
                                 Three Months Ended June                       Six Months Ended June               
                                                     30,                                         30,               
                                                    2025         2024                           2025         2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net income                 $                    18,337    $  13,465    $                    34,981    $  25,834  
  Other comprehensive                                                                                              
  income (loss):                                                                                                   
  Change in foreign                                                                                                
  currency translation                             1,866         -149                          2,760         -694  
  adjustment, net of tax                                                                                           
  Change in unrealized                                                                                             
  gain (loss) on                                                                                                   
  available-for-sale                                 228          109                            566          154  
  investments and                                                                                                  
  other, net of tax                                                                                                
  Comprehensive income       $                    20,431    $  13,425    $                    38,307    $  25,294  
                                                                                                                   
                      See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                         8                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                               META PLATFORMS, INC.                                                
                                                                                                                   
                             CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY                             
                                                                                                                   
                                      (In millions, except per share amounts)                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                    (Unaudited)                                                    
                                                                                                                   
       T…                                                             …                                            
       M…                                                             …                                            
       E…                                                             …                                            
       J…                                                             …                                            
       3…                                                             …                                            
       2…                                                             …                                            
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
       C…                                                             …                                            
        A                               A…                            A                        …                   
       a…                A…             O…             R…       T…    …               A…       …       R…       …  
       C…                P…             C…             E…       S…    …               P…       …       E…       …  
        B                C…             I…                      E…    B               C…       …                …  
       C…                               (…                            …                                            
       S…                                                             …                                            
       S…       P…             S…             P…                                                                   
                V…                            V…                                                                   
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …    2…    $  —     $  8…          $  -…          $  1…    $  1…    …    $  —    $  7…    $  …    $  7…    $  …  
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …     —       —         —              —             1…       1…    —       —        —       —       1…       …  
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …     —       —         —             2…              —       2…    —       —        —       …        —       …  
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …    15       —         —              —              —        —    …       —        —       —        —       —  
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …    -5       —        -…              —             -…       -…    …       —       -…       —       -…       …  
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …     —       —        4…              —              —       4…    —       —       4…       —        —       …  
  …                                                                                                                
  …    -…       —         —              —             -…       -…    …       —        —       —       -…       …  
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …     —       —         —              —             -…       -…    —       —        —       —       -…       …  
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …     —       —         —              —             -3       -3    —       —        —       —        —       —  
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …    2…    $  —     $  8…          $  2…          $  1…    $  1…    …    $  —    $  7…    $  …    $  8…    $  …  
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
       S…                                                             …                                            
       M…                                                             …                                            
       E…                                                             …                                            
       J…                                                             …                                            
       3…                                                             …                                            
       2…                                                             …                                            
       C…                                                             …                                            
        A                               A…                            A                        …                   
       a…                A…             O…             R…       T…    …               A…       …       R…       …  
       C…                P…             C…             E…       S…    …               P…       …       E…       …  
        B                C…             I…                      E…    B               C…       …                …  
       C…                               (…                            …                                            
       S…                                                             …                                            
       S…       P…             S…             P…                                                                   
                V…                            V…                                                                   
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …    2…    $  —     $  8…          $  -…          $  1…    $  1…    …    $  —    $  7…    $  …    $  8…    $  …  
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …     —       —         —              —             3…       3…    —       —        —       —       2…       …  
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …     —       —         —             3…              —       3…    —       —        —       …        —       …  
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …    31       —         —              —              —        —    …       —        —       —        —       —  
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …    -…       —        -…              —             -…       -…    …       —       -…       —       -…       …  
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …     —       —        8…              —              —       8…    —       —       8…       —        —       …  
  …                                                                                                                
  …    -…       —         —              —             -…       -…    …       —        —       —       -…       …  
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …     —       —         —              —             -…       -…    —       —        —       —       -…       …  
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …     —       —         —              —             -…       -…    —       —        —       —        —       —  
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …    2…    $  —     $  8…          $  2…          $  1…    $  1…    …    $  —    $  7…    $  …    $  8…    $  …  
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
____________________________________

(1) Dividend per share was $ 0.525and $ 0.50for the three months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and $
1.05and $ 1.00for the six months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
                      See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                         9                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                               META PLATFORMS, INC.                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                                   (In millions)                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                    (Unaudited)                                                    
                                                                                          
                                                 Six Months Ended June 30,                
  Cash flows from operating activities                                2025          2024  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net income                                  $                     34,981    $   25,834  
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to                                                  
  net cash provided by operating                                                          
  activities:                                                                             
  Depreciation and amortization                                      8,242         7,011  
  Share-based compensation                                           8,981         8,178  
  Deferred income taxes                                             -2,163        -2,098  
  Unrealized loss on marketable equity                                 374             —  
  securities                                                                              
  Other                                                               -430           209  
  Changes in assets and liabilities:                                                      
  Accounts receivable                                                1,466         1,350  
  Prepaid expenses and other current                                   686            16  
  assets                                                                                  
  Other assets                                                        -242           -41  
  Accounts payable                                                    -574          -862  
  Accrued expenses and other current                                -3,338        -1,771  
  liabilities                                                                             
  Other liabilities                                                  1,604           790  
  Net cash provided by operating                                    49,587        38,616  
  activities                                                                              
  Cash flows from investing activities                                                    
  Purchases of property and equipment                              -29,479       -14,573  
  Purchases of marketable securities                               -19,509       -10,176  
  Sales and maturities of marketable                                19,057         7,858  
  securities                                                                              
  Purchases of non-marketable equity                               -15,214            -7  
  investments                                                                             
  Payments for held-for-sale assets                                   -775             —  
  Acquisitions of businesses and                                       -62          -129  
  intangible assets                                                                       
  Other investing activities                                            14            -5  
  Net cash used in investing activities                            -45,968       -17,032  
  Cash flows from financing activities                                                    
  Taxes paid related to net share                                   -8,993        -6,370  
  settlement of equity awards                                                             
  Repurchases of Class A common stock                              -22,921       -21,307  
  Payments for dividends and dividend                               -2,656        -2,539  
  equivalents                                                                             
  Principal payments on finance leases                              -1,225          -614  
  Other financing activities                                           323          -115  
  Net cash used in financing activities                            -35,472       -30,945  
  Effect of exchange rate changes on cash,                                                
  cash equivalents, and restricted cash                                243          -440  
  equivalents                                                                             
  Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents,                          -31,610        -9,801  
  and restricted cash equivalents                                                         
  Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted                                                  
  cash equivalents at beginning of the                              45,438        42,827  
  period                                                                                  
  Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted      $                     13,828    $   33,026  
  cash equivalents at end of the period                                                   
  Reconciliation of cash, cash                                                            
  equivalents, and restricted cash                                                        
  equivalents to the condensed                                                            
  consolidated balance sheets                                                             
  Cash and cash equivalents                   $                     12,005    $   32,045  
  Restricted cash equivalents, included in                                                
  prepaid expenses and other current                                   161           100  
  assets                                                                                  
  Restricted cash equivalents, included in                           1,662           881  
  other assets                                                                            
  Total cash, cash equivalents, and           $                     13,828    $   33,026  
  restricted cash equivalents                                                             
                                                                                          
                      See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                        10                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                               META PLATFORMS, INC.                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                                   (In millions)                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                    (Unaudited)                                                    
                                                                                        
                                                 Six Months Ended June 30,              
  Supplemental cash flow data                                         2025        2024  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash paid for income taxes, net             $                      5,544    $  6,559  
  Cash paid for interest, net of amounts      $                        478    $    245  
  capitalized                                                                           
  Non-cash investing and financing                                                      
  activities:                                                                           
  Property and equipment in accounts                                                    
  payable and accrued expenses and other      $                     10,618    $  3,229  
  current liabilities                                                                   
  Acquisition of businesses and intangible                                              
  assets in accounts payable, accrued         $                        132    $    267  
  expenses and other current liabilities,                                               
  and other liabilities                                                                 
  Non-marketable equity investments in                                                  
  accrued expenses and other current          $                        651    $      —  
  liabilities                                                                           
  Repurchases of Class A common stock in                                                
  accrued expenses and other current          $                        131    $      —  
  liabilities                                                                           
                                                                                        
                      See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                        11                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                               META PLATFORMS, INC.                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                               NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                    (Unaudited)                                                    
Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP) and applicable rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission regarding interim financial reporting. Certain information and note disclosures
normally included in the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted
pursuant to such rules and regulations. As such, the information included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q
should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
The condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024 included herein was derived from the audited
financial statements as of that date, but does not include all disclosures including notes required by GAAP.
The condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Meta Platforms, Inc., its subsidiaries
where we have controlling financial interests, and any variable interest entities for which we are deemed to be the
primary beneficiary. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.
The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all normal recurring adjustments that are
necessary to present fairly the results for the interim periods presented. Interim results are not necessarily
indicative of the results for the full year.
Use of Estimates
Preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the use of estimates
and judgments that affect the reported amounts in the condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying
notes. These estimates form the basis for judgments we make about the carrying values of our assets and
liabilities, which are not readily apparent from other sources. We base our estimates and judgments on historical
information and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. GAAP requires
us to make estimates and judgments in several areas, including, but not limited to, those related to loss
contingencies, income taxes, valuation of long-lived assets and their associated estimated useful lives, valuation
of non-marketable equity investments, revenue recognition, valuation of goodwill, credit losses of available-for-
sale debt securities and accounts receivable, and fair value of financial instruments and leases. These estimates
are based on management's knowledge about current events, interpretation of regulations, and expectations about
actions we may undertake in the future. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates.
In January 2025, we completed an assessment of the useful lives of property and equipment, which resulted in an
increase in the estimated useful lives of most servers and network assets to 5.5years, effective January 1, 2025.
Based on the servers and network assets placed in service as of December 31, 2024, the financial impact of this
change in estimate included a reduction in depreciation expense of $ 1.58billion and an increase in net income of $
1.34billion, or $ 0.52per diluted share, for the six months ended June 30, 2025.
Significant Accounting Policies
There have been no material changes to our significant accounting policies from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2024.
                                                        12                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Note 2. Revenue                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
Revenue disaggregated by revenue source and by segment consists of the following (in millions):
                                                                                                              
                       Three Months Ended June 30,                    Six Months Ended June 30,               
                                              2025         2024                            2025         2024  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Advertising       $                       46,563    $  38,329    $                     87,955    $  73,965  
  Other revenue                                583          389                           1,093          769  
  Family of Apps                            47,146       38,718                          89,048       74,734  
  Reality Labs                                 370          353                             782          793  
  Total revenue     $                       47,516    $  39,071    $                     89,830    $  75,527  
                                                                                                              
Revenue disaggregated by geography, based on the addresses of our customers, consists of the following (in
millions):
                                                                                                                   
                                 Three Months Ended June                       Six Months Ended June               
                                                     30,                                         30,               
                                                    2025         2024                           2025         2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  United States and          $                    18,454    $  14,640    $                    35,323    $  28,287  
  Canada                                                                                                           
  Europe(1)                                       11,128        9,153                         20,749       17,557  
  Asia-Pacific                                    12,858       10,967                         24,097       21,279  
  Rest of World(1)                                 5,076        4,311                          9,661        8,404  
  Total revenue              $                    47,516    $  39,071    $                    89,830    $  75,527  
                                                                                                                   
____________________________________
(1) Europe includes Russia and Turkey, and Rest of World includes Africa, Latin America, and the Middle East.
Total deferred revenue was $ 876million and $ 772million as of June 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively.
As of June 30, 2025, we expect most of the deferred revenue to be realized in less than a year.
                                                        13                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Note 3. Earnings per Share                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
The holders of our Class A and Class B common stock (together, "common stock") have identical liquidation and
dividend rights but different voting rights. Accordingly, we present the earnings per share (EPS) for Class A and
Class B common stock together.

Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of shares of our common stock
outstanding. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of fully diluted common
stock outstanding and assumes the conversion of our Class B common stock to Class A common stock.

For the three and six months ended June 30, 2025, approximately 1million shares of Class A common stock equivalent
of restricted stock units (RSUs) were excluded from the diluted EPS calculation as including them would have an
anti-dilutive effect. For the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, RSUs with an anti-dilutive effect were
33million and 18million shares, respectively.
The numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted EPS computations for our common stock are calculated as
follows (in millions, except per share amounts):
                                                                                                                   
                                 Three Months Ended June                       Six Months Ended June               
  Basic EPS:                                         30,                                         30,               
  Numerator                                         2025         2024                           2025         2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Distributed earnings       $                     1,327    $   1,266    $                     2,656    $   2,539  
  Undistributed earnings                          17,010       12,199                         32,325       23,295  
  Net income                 $                    18,337    $  13,465    $                    34,981    $  25,834  
  Denominator                                                                                                      
  Shares used in                                                                                                   
  computation of basic                             2,518        2,534                          2,522        2,540  
  EPS(1)                                                                                                           
  Basic EPS                  $                      7.28    $    5.31    $                     13.87    $   10.17  
  Diluted EPS:                                                                                                     
  Numerator                                                                                                        
  Net income for diluted     $                    18,337    $  13,465    $                    34,981    $  25,834  
  EPS                                                                                                              
  Denominator                                                                                                      
  Shares used in                                                                                                   
  computation of basic                             2,518        2,534                          2,522        2,540  
  EPS(1)                                                                                                           
  Effect of dilutive RSUs                             52           76                             58           79  
  Shares used in                                                                                                   
  computation of diluted                           2,570        2,610                          2,580        2,619  
  EPS                                                                                                              
  Diluted EPS                $                      7.14    $    5.16    $                     13.56    $    9.86  
                                                                                                                   
____________________________________
(1) Includes 2,175million and 2,189million shares of Class A common stock and 343million and 345million shares of
Class B common stock, for the three months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively; and 2,179million and
2,193million shares of Class A common stock and 343million and 347million shares of Class B common stock, for the
six months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
EPS for Class B common stock is not presented separately as under the two-class method Class A and Class B EPS is
not meaningfully different.
                                                        14                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
   Note 4. Financial Instruments                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
Fair Value Measurements

Our cash equivalents, marketable securities, and restricted cash equivalents are classified within Level 1 or Level
2 of the fair value hierarchy because their fair values are derived from quoted market prices or alternative
pricing sources and models utilizing market observable inputs. Certain other assets are classified within Level 3
because factors used to develop the estimated fair value are unobservable inputs that are not supported by market
activity.
The following tables summarize our assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis and the classification by
level of input within the fair value hierarchy (in millions):
                                                                                                                   
                                                      Fair Value                                                   
                                                  Measurement at                                                   
                                                  Reporting Date                                                   
                                                           Using                                                   
                                                Quoted Prices in                                      Significant  
                                              Active Markets for       Significant Other             Unobservable  
                                                Identical Assets       Observable Inputs                   Inputs  
  Description             June 30, 2025                (Level 1)               (Level 2)                (Level 3)  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash equivalents:                                                                                                
  Money market         $          6,658    $               6,658    $                  —    $                   —  
  funds                                                                                                            
  U.S. government                   352                      352                       —                        —  
  securities                                                                                                       
  Time deposits                     251                        —                     251                        —  
  Total cash                      7,261                    7,010                     251                        —  
  equivalents                                                                                                      
  Marketable                                                                                                       
  securities:                                                                                                      
  U.S. government                14,749                   14,749                       —                        —  
  securities                                                                                                       
  U.S. government                 1,602                    1,602                       —                        —  
  agency securities                                                                                                
  Corporate debt                 13,854                        —                  13,854                        —  
  securities                                                                                                       
  Marketable equity               4,861                    4,861                       —                        —  
  securities                                                                                                       
  Total marketable               35,066                   21,212                  13,854                        —  
  securities                                                                                                       
  Restricted cash                 1,704                    1,704                       —                        —  
  equivalents                                                                                                      
  Other assets                      105                        —                       —                      105  
  Total                $         44,136    $              29,926    $             14,105    $                 105  
                                                                                                                   
                                                        15                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                                        Fair Value                                                 
                                                    Measurement at                                                 
                                                    Reporting Date                                                 
                                                             Using                                                 
                                                  Quoted Prices in                                                 
                                                    Active Markets                                    Significant  
                                                     for Identical       Significant Other           Unobservable  
                                                            Assets       Observable Inputs                 Inputs  
  Description            December 31, 2024               (Level 1)               (Level 2)              (Level 3)  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash                                                                                                             
  equivalents:                                                                                                     
  Money market        $             36,165    $             36,165    $                  —    $                 —  
  funds                                                                                                            
  U.S. government                                                                                                  
  and agency                            23                      23                       —                      —  
  securities                                                                                                       
  Time deposits                        369                       —                     369                      —  
  Corporate debt                       114                       —                     114                      —  
  securities                                                                                                       
  Total cash                        36,671                  36,188                     483                      —  
  equivalents                                                                                                      
  Marketable                                                                                                       
  securities:                                                                                                      
  U.S. government                   14,889                  14,889                       —                      —  
  securities                                                                                                       
  U.S. government                                                                                                  
  agency                             3,053                   3,053                       —                      —  
  securities                                                                                                       
  Corporate debt                    14,758                       —                  14,758                      —  
  securities                                                                                                       
  Marketable                                                                                                       
  equity                             1,226                   1,226                       —                      —  
  securities                                                                                                       
  Total marketable                  33,926                  19,168                  14,758                      —  
  securities                                                                                                       
  Restricted cash                    1,193                   1,193                       —                      —  
  equivalents                                                                                                      
  Other assets                         101                       —                       —                    101  
  Total               $             71,891    $             56,549    $             15,241    $               101  
                                                                                                                   
Unrealized Losses

Marketable debt securities
The following tables summarize our available-for-sale marketable debt securities with unrealized losses as of June
30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, aggregated by major security type and the length of time that individual securities
have been in a continuous loss position (in millions):
                                                                                                                   
                    June 30,                                                                                       
                        2025                                                                                       
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                   Less than                         12 months                             Total                   
                   12 months                        or greater                                                     
                  Fair Value       Unrealized       Fair Value       Unrealized       Fair Value       Unrealized  
                                       Losses                            Losses                            Losses  
  U.S.                                                                                                             
  governme…    $       1,208    $          -5    $       2,767    $         -56    $       3,975    $         -61  
  securiti…                                                                                                        
  U.S.                                                                                                             
  governme…              129                —              622               -5              751               -5  
  agency                                                                                                           
  securiti…                                                                                                        
  Corporate                                                                                                        
  debt                   570               -2            3,059              -62            3,629              -64  
  securiti…                                                                                                        
  Total        $       1,907    $          -7    $       6,448    $        -123    $       8,355    $        -130  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                    December                                                                                       
                    31, 2024                                                                                       
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                   Less than                         12 months                             Total                   
                   12 months                        or greater                                                     
                  Fair Value       Unrealized       Fair Value       Unrealized       Fair Value       Unrealized  
                                       Losses                            Losses                            Losses  
  U.S.                                                                                                             
  governme…    $       6,860    $         -71    $       4,330    $        -146    $      11,190    $        -217  
  securiti…                                                                                                        
  U.S.                                                                                                             
  governme…              435               -2            2,083              -44            2,518              -46  
  agency                                                                                                           
  securiti…                                                                                                        
  Corporate                                                                                                        
  debt                 2,989              -26            6,373             -192            9,362             -218  
  securiti…                                                                                                        
  Total        $      10,284    $         -99    $      12,786    $        -382    $      23,070    $        -481  
                                                                                                                   
The allowance for credit losses and the gross unrealized gains on our marketable debt securities were not material
as of June 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
                                                        16                                                         
Table of Contents
Marketable equity securities

The unrealized losses on our marketable equity securities were $ 511million and $ 374million for the three and six
months ended June 30, 2025, respectively. These losses are recorded within interest and other income, net on our
condensed consolidated statements of income.

Contractual Maturities
The following table classifies our marketable debt securities by contractual maturities (in millions):
                                                        
                                         June 30, 2025  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Due within one year                 $          3,388  
  Due after one year to five years              26,817  
  Total                               $         30,205  
                                                        
                                                                                                                   
  Note 5. Non-Marketable Equity Investments                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
The following table summarizes our non-marketable equity investments under measurement alternative and equity
method (in millions):
                                                                                       
                                                June 30, 2025       December 31, 2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Non-marketable equity investments under                                              
  measurement alternative:                                                             
  Initial cost                               $         20,231    $              6,342  
  Cumulative upward adjustments                           359                     300  
  Cumulative impairment/downward                         -624                    -624  
  adjustments                                                                          
  Carrying value                                       19,966                   6,018  
  Non-marketable equity investments under               2,022                      52  
  equity method                                                                        
  Total non-marketable equity investments    $         21,988    $              6,070  
                                                                                       
Our non-marketable equity investments are in privately-held companies without readily determinable fair values. In
June 2025, we completed an investment in Scale AI by acquiring a non-voting minority of its outstanding equity. Out
of the total consideration, $ 13.79billion was included in non-marketable equity investments accounted for under
the measurement alternative method, as we do not have significant influence over Scale AI's operations.

Our non-marketable equity method investments include mostly unconsolidated variable interest entities (VIE) of
which we are not the primary beneficiary as we do not direct the activities that would significantly affect their
economic performance. As of June 30, 2025, our maximum exposure to loss in these VIEs was $ 1.98billion, which is
the carrying value of our investments. Subsequent to June 30, 2025, we have extended tender offers of up to $
3.0billion to acquire additional equity interests in these VIEs.

Investments held in our non-marketable equity investment portfolios are subject to equity price risk.
                                                        17                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Note 6. Property and Equipment                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
Property and equipment, net consists of the following (in millions):
                                                                                 
                                          June 30, 2025       December 31, 2024  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Land                                 $          2,650    $              2,561  
  Servers and network assets                     85,833                  68,397  
  Buildings                                      50,507                  47,076  
  Leasehold improvements                          7,575                   7,293  
  Equipment and other                             8,135                   7,150  
  Finance lease right-of-use assets               6,685                   5,384  
  Construction in progress                       35,942                  26,802  
  Property and equipment, gross                 197,327                 164,663  
  Less: Accumulated depreciation                -50,288                 -43,317  
  Property and equipment, net          $        147,039    $            121,346  
                                                                                 
Construction in progress includes costs mostly related to construction of data centers, network infrastructure and
servers. Depreciation expense on property and equipment was $ 4.28billion and $ 3.58billion for the three months
ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and $ 8.12billion and $ 6.92billion for the six months ended June 30,
2025 and 2024, respectively. Within property and equipment, our servers and network assets depreciation expenses
were $ 3.12billion and $ 2.64billion for the three months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and $
5.74billion and $ 4.99billion for the six months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. We extended the
estimated useful lives of most servers and network assets to 5.5years, effective January 1, 2025. See Note 1 —
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Use of Estimates.

Held-for-sale Assets

At the beginning of June 2025, we approved a plan to dispose of certain data center assets and reclassified $
2.04billion of these assets as held-for-sale. These assets mostly consisted of construction in progress and land,
which are reported at the lower of their carrying amounts or fair values less costs to sell. No loss was recognized
upon reclassification, as these assets are expected to be disposed of within the next twelve months through a
contribution to a third party for the purpose of co-developing data centers. As of June 30, 2025, total held-for-
sale assets were $ 3.26billion, included within prepaid expenses and other current assets on our condensed
consolidated balance sheets.
                                                                                                                   
  Note 7. Long-term Debt                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
The carrying amount of our long-term debt in the form of fixed-rate senior unsecured notes (the Notes) was $
28.83billion as of June 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024. The total estimated fair value of our outstanding Notes was
$ 28.21billion and $ 27.83billion as of June 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. The fair value was
determined based on the quoted prices for the Notes as of each reporting date, and is categorized accordingly as
Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.
                                                                                                                   
  Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
Leases and Contractual Commitments

In addition to the lease liabilities that are included on our balance sheet, we have operating and finance leases
that have not yet commenced as of June 30, 2025. These lease obligations were approximately $ 52.56billion, mostly
for data centers, certain network infrastructure, and colocations, which will commence between the remainder of
2025 and 2034.

We also have $ 27.95billion of non-cancelable contractual commitments as of June 30, 2025. These commitments are
mostly related to our investments in servers and network infrastructure, consumer hardware products in Reality
Labs, and data centers, with $ 18.30billion due in 2025.
                                                        18                                                         
Table of Contents
Additionally, as part of the normal course of business, we have entered into agreements ranging from threeto
25years to purchase clean and renewable energy that do not specify a fixed or minimum volume commitment. The
ultimate spend under these agreements may vary and will be based on actual volume purchased.

Legal and Related Matters

With respect to the cases, actions, and inquiries described below, we evaluate the associated developments on a
regular basis and accrue a liability when we believe a loss is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated.
In addition, we believe there is a reasonable possibility that we may incur a loss in some of these matters. Unless
otherwise noted, with respect to the matters described below that do not include an estimate of the amount of loss
or range of possible loss, such losses or range of possible losses either cannot be estimated or are not
individually material, but we believe there is a reasonable possibility that they may be material in the aggregate.

We are also party to various other legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory, tax or government inquiries and
investigations that arise in the ordinary course of business. Additionally, we are required to comply with various
legal and regulatory obligations around the world. The requirements for complying with these obligations may be
uncertain and subject to interpretation and enforcement by regulatory and other authorities, and any failure to
comply with such obligations could eventually lead to asserted legal or regulatory action. With respect to these
other legal proceedings, claims, regulatory, tax, or government inquiries and investigations, and other matters,
asserted and unasserted, we evaluate the associated developments on a regular basis and accrue a liability when we
believe a loss is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. In addition, we believe there is a
reasonable possibility that we may incur a loss in some of these other matters. We believe that the amount of
losses or any estimable range of possible losses with respect to these other matters will not, either individually
or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business and condensed consolidated financial
statements.

The ultimate outcome of the legal and related matters described in this section, such as whether the likelihood of
loss is remote, reasonably possible, or probable, or if and when the reasonably possible range of loss is
estimable, is inherently uncertain. Therefore, if one or more of these matters were resolved against us for amounts
in excess of management's estimates of loss, our results of operations and financial condition, including in a
particular reporting period in which any such outcome becomes probable and estimable, could be materially adversely
affected.
For information regarding income tax contingencies, see Note 10 — Income Taxes.
Privacy and Related Matters

Beginning on March 20, 2018, multiple putative class actions were filed in state and federal courts in the United
States and elsewhere against us and certain of our directors and officers alleging various causes of action in
connection with our platform and user data practices as well as the misuse of certain data by a developer that
shared such data with third parties in violation of our terms and policies, and seeking unspecified damages and
injunctive relief. With respect to the putative class actions alleging fraud and violations of consumer protection,
privacy, and other laws in connection with the same matters, several of the cases brought on behalf of consumers in
the United States were consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California ( In re
Facebook, Inc., Consumer Privacy User Profile Litigation ). On September 9, 2019, the court granted, in part, and
denied, in part, our motion to dismiss the consolidated putative consumer class action. On December 22, 2022, the
parties entered into a settlement agreement to resolve the lawsuit, which provides for a payment of $ 725million by
us. The settlement was approved by the court on October 10, 2023, and the payment was made in November 2023.
Twoobjectors appealed final approval ( oneof which was voluntarily dismissed as of June 24, 2024). The objection
was overruled on February 13, 2025. The objectors' deadline to appeal lapsed on May 14, 2025, rendering the
settlement agreement final. In addition, our platform and user data practices, as well as the events surrounding
the misuse of certain data by a developer, became the subject of U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), state
attorneys general, and other government inquiries in the United States, Europe, and other jurisdictions. We entered
into a settlement and modified consent order to resolve the FTC inquiry, which took effect in April 2020. Among
other matters, our settlement with the FTC required us to pay a penalty of $ 5.0billion which was paid in April
2020 upon the effectiveness of the modified consent order. The state attorneys general inquiries and litigation and
certain government inquiries in other jurisdictions remain ongoing. On June 1, 2023, the court presiding over the
lawsuit filed by the District of Columbia granted our motion for summary judgment, resolving the case in our favor.
On June 29, 2023, the District of Columbia filed a notice of appeal. The appeal was heard on January 30, 2025 and
the court has yet to rule. Trial in the New Mexico Attorney General's case, which has expanded to include various
claims related to content moderation issues, is scheduled to begin on December 1, 2025. On July 16, 2021, a
stockholder derivative action was filed in Delaware Court of Chancery against certain of our directors and officers
asserting
                                                        19                                                         
Table of Contents
breach of fiduciary duty and related claims relating to our historical platform and user data practices, as well as
our settlement with the FTC. On July 20, 2021, other stockholders filed an amended derivative complaint in a
related Delaware Chancery Court action, asserting breach of fiduciary duty and related claims against certain of
our current and former directors and officers in connection with our historical platform and user data practices.
On November 4, 2021, the lead plaintiffs filed a second amended and consolidated complaint in the stockholder
derivative action. The pending consolidated matter is In re Facebook Inc. Derivative Litigation . On January 19,
2022, we filed a motion to dismiss, which was denied in part on May 10, 2023. The insider trading claim was
dismissed as to all defendants except Mark Zuckerberg, and the motion was denied as to the breach of fiduciary duty
claims. Trial began on July 16, 2025. On July 17, 2025, the parties agreed to a settlement in principle to resolve
all claims in the action, which is subject to court approval.

On May 3, 2023, the FTC filed a public administrative proceeding ( In the Matter of Facebook, Inc. ) seeking
substantial changes to the modified consent order, which took effect in April 2020 after its entry by the U.S.
District Court for the District of Columbia. The changes sought by the FTC are set forth in a proposed order and
include, among others, a prohibition on our use of minors' data for any commercial purposes, changes to the
composition of our board of directors, and significant limitations on our ability to modify and launch new
products. On May 31, 2023, we filed a motion before the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia seeking to
enjoin the FTC from further pursuing its agency process to modify the modified consent order. On November 27, 2023,
the district court denied our motion, and we then appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit ( U.S. v. Facebook, Inc. ) and sought to stay the FTC proceeding pending resolution of the appeal.
Our motion for a stay pending appeal was denied in March 2024. After the underlying appeal was briefed and oral
argument was held on November 5, 2024, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit issued its
decision on May 16, 2025, reversing the district court's denial of our motion on jurisdictional grounds, and
directed the district court to consider the merits of our arguments. On July 10, 2025, the case was remanded to the
district court to consider our claims in light of the Court of Appeals' determination that the district court
retains jurisdiction over the entirety of the consent order.

On November 29, 2023, we separately filed a complaint, also in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia
( Meta Platforms, Inc. v. FTC ), asserting constitutional challenges to the structure of the FTC, and seeking to
preliminarily enjoin the FTC proceeding during the pendency of the litigation. On December 13, 2023, the FTC filed
an opposition to our motion for preliminary injunction and a motion to dismiss the complaint. On March 14, 2024,
the district court denied our motion to preliminarily enjoin the FTC proceeding during the pendency of the
litigation, and also denied the FTC's motion to dismiss our complaint without prejudice, pending the U.S. Supreme
Court's decision in SEC v. Jarkesy ( Jarkesy ). Our motion for a stay of the FTC proceeding pending appeal was
denied in March 2024. Both the district court action and the appeal were stayed pending the Supreme Court's
decision in Jarkesy . Following the Supreme Court's ruling in Jarkesy on June 27, 2024, the government filed a
renewed motion to dismiss, which was fully briefed as of October 18, 2024. On June 10, 2025, we filed a motion to
stay the constitutional proceeding for 90 days in light of the Court of Appeals' May 16, 2025 decision in the
jurisdictional case. On June 29, 2025, the district court in the constitutional proceeding granted our motion to
stay the matter, subject to any further order from that court. The parties are required to file a joint status
report in the constitutional proceeding on or before September 2, 2025.

On April 1, 2024, we filed our response to the FTC's Order to Show Cause, arguing, among other things, that the
Order to Show Cause proceeding was legally improper. Per FTC orders, we completed briefing on threshold legal
issues on July 18, 2024, and the FTC held oral argument before the Commissioners on those issues on November 12,
2024. On January 10, 2025, the Commission issued a decision on certain threshold legal issues, including that the
Commission has statutory authority to modify consent orders. The Commission stated that its decision is subject to
Meta's jurisdictional challenges then pending before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit
in U.S. v. Facebook, Inc. , and that the nature and scope of any further administrative proceedings would be
addressed at a later date. On July 30, 2025, the Commission issued an order staying the Order to Show Cause
proceeding pending final resolution of the two judicial cases we filed challenging the proceeding. Through the
administrative process, the FTC could amend the order to impose the additional requirements set forth in the
proposed order. We should have the opportunity to appeal an FTC decision modifying the order and could request the
appellate court to stay the enforcement of the modifications to the order while the appeal is pending. It is
unclear whether the appeal or the request for a stay would be successful.

We also notify the Irish Data Protection Commission (IDPC), our lead European Union privacy regulator under the
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), of certain other personal data breaches and privacy issues, issue
similar notifications to European regulators under other laws (such as UK GDPR and Member State implementations of
the ePrivacy Directive), and are subject to inquiries and investigations by the IDPC and other European regulators
regarding various aspects of our regulatory compliance. For example, the IDPC is continuing to assess the
compliance of our "subscription for
                                                        20                                                         
Table of Contents
no ads" consent model with requirements under the GDPR. In addition, on May 12, 2023, the IDPC issued a Final
Decision concluding that Meta Platforms Ireland's reliance on Standard Contractual Clauses in respect of certain
transfers of European Economic Area (EEA) Facebook user data was not in compliance with the GDPR. The IDPC issued
an administrative fine of EUR € 1.2billion as well as corrective orders, which is described further in "Legal
Proceedings" contained in Part II, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The interpretation of the GDPR is
still evolving, including through decisions of the Court of Justice of the European Union, and draft decisions in
investigations by the IDPC are subject to review by other European privacy regulators as part of the GDPR's
cooperation and consistency mechanisms, which may lead to significant changes in the final outcome of such
investigations. As a result, the interpretation and enforcement of the GDPR, as well as the imposition and amount
of penalties for non-compliance, are subject to significant uncertainty. Although we are vigorously defending our
regulatory compliance, we have accrued significant amounts for loss contingencies related to these inquiries and
investigations in Europe, and we believe there is a reasonable possibility that additional accruals for losses
related to these matters could be material individually or in the aggregate.

Beginning on June 7, 2021, multiple putative class actions were filed against us alleging that we improperly
received individuals' information from third-party websites or apps via our business tools in violation of our
terms and various state and federal laws and seeking unspecified damages and injunctive relief (for example, In re
Meta Pixel Healthcare Litigation; In re Meta Pixel Tax Filing Cases; Frasco v. Flo Health, Inc.; Doe v. Hey Favor,
Inc. et al.; Doe v. GoodRx Holdings, Inc. et al. in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of
California; and Rickwalder, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc. in the Santa Clara County Superior Court). These cases
are in different stages, but several of our motions to dismiss have been denied in whole or in part, while certain
others have been granted in whole or in part. In Rickwalder , the Superior Court denied plaintiffs' motion for
class certification and the plaintiffs have filed a notice of appeal of that decision. Trial for the Flo Health
case began on July 21, 2025 and is expected to conclude by early August 2025.

Competition

We are subject to various litigation and government inquiries and investigations, formal or informal, by
competition authorities in the United States, Europe, and other jurisdictions. Such investigations, inquiries, and
lawsuits concern, among other things, our business practices in the areas of social networking or social media
services, digital advertising, and/or mobile or online applications, as well as our acquisitions. For example, in
2019 we became the subject of antitrust investigations by the FTC and U.S. Department of Justice. On December 9,
2020, the FTC filed a complaint ( FTC v. Meta Platforms, Inc. ) against us in the U.S. District Court for the
District of Columbia alleging that we engaged in anticompetitive conduct and unfair methods of competition in
violation of Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act and Section 2 of the Sherman Act, including by acquiring
Instagram in 2012 and WhatsApp in 2014 and by maintaining conditions on access to our platform. The FTC sought a
permanent injunction against our company's alleged violations of the antitrust laws, and other equitable relief,
including divestiture or reconstruction of Instagram and WhatsApp. On June 28, 2021, the court granted our motion
to dismiss the complaint filed by the FTC with leave to amend. On August 19, 2021, the FTC filed an amended
complaint, and on October 4, 2021, we filed a motion to dismiss this amended complaint. On January 11, 2022, the
court denied our motion to dismiss the FTC's amended complaint. On April 5, 2024, we filed our motion for summary
judgment and the FTC filed its opposition and its own motion for partial summary judgment on May 24, 2024. On
November 13, 2024, the court granted in part and denied in part both our and the FTC's motions for summary
judgment. Trial began on April 14, 2025 and concluded on May 27, 2025. Post-trial briefing is expected to conclude
on September 10, 2025 and the court is expected to issue a decision in the second half of 2025 or later. Multiple
putative class actions have also been filed in state and federal courts in the United States and in the United
Kingdom against us alleging violations of antitrust laws and other causes of action in connection with these
acquisitions and/or other alleged anticompetitive conduct, and seeking damages and injunctive relief. Several of
the cases brought on behalf of certain advertisers and users in the United States were consolidated in the U.S.
District Court for the Northern District of California ( Klein et al., v. Meta Platforms, Inc. ). On January 14,
2022, the court granted, in part, and denied, in part, our motion to dismiss the consolidated actions. On March 1,
2022, a first amended consolidated complaint was filed in the putative class action brought on behalf of certain
advertisers. On December 6, 2022, the court denied our motion to dismiss the first amended consolidated complaint
filed in the putative class action brought on behalf of certain advertisers. On December 30, 2024, we filed our
motion for summary judgment in the putative class action brought on behalf of certain advertisers. On January 24,
2025, the court denied plaintiffs' motion for class certification in the action brought on behalf of users and has
scheduled trial on an individual basis.
                                                        21                                                         
Table of Contents
In December 2022, the European Commission issued a Statement of Objections alleging that we tie Facebook
Marketplace to Facebook and use data in a manner that infringes European Union competition rules. On November 18,
2024, the European Commission issued a decision that Meta infringed Article 102 on the Treaty of the Functioning of
the European Union in relation to certain alleged business practices relating to Facebook Marketplace and imposed a
fine of approximately EUR € 798million. We appealed the European Commission's decision on January 28, 2025.

In March 2024, the European Commission opened an investigation into the compliance of our "subscription for no ads"
consent model with requirements under Article 5(2) of the Digital Markets Act (DMA). The European Commission issued
preliminary findings on July 1, 2024 reflecting its preliminary view that our model does not comply with such
requirements. In April 2025, the European Commission issued a final decision that our "subscription for no ads"
model does not comply with such requirements and imposed a fine of EUR € 200million. Based on feedback from the
European Commission in connection with the DMA, we launched less personalized ads (LPA) in November 2024 and made
significant modifications to LPA since the European Commission issued its final decision. We appealed the European
Commission's decision on July 4, 2025, but cannot rule out that further fines or modifications to our model may be
imposed during the appeal process, which could result in a materially worse user experience for European users and
a significant impact to our European business and revenue as early as later in the third quarter of 2025.

Securities and Other Actions

Beginning on March 20, 2018, multiple putative class actions and derivative actions were filed in state and federal
courts in the United States and elsewhere against us and certain of our directors and officers alleging violations
of securities laws, breach of fiduciary duties, and other causes of action in connection with our platform and user
data practices as well as the misuse of certain data by a developer that shared such data with third parties in
violation of our terms and policies, and seeking unspecified damages and injunctive relief. Beginning on July 27,
2018, twoputative class actions were filed in federal court in the United States against us and certain of our
directors and officers alleging violations of securities laws in connection with the disclosure of our earnings
results for the second quarter of 2018 and seeking unspecified damages. These twoactions subsequently were
transferred and consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California ( In Re Facebook,
Inc. Securities Litigation ) with the putative securities class action described above relating to our platform and
user data practices. In a series of orders in 2019 and 2020, the district court granted our motions to dismiss the
plaintiffs' claims. On January 17, 2022, the plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal of the order dismissing their
case, and on October 18, 2023, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit issued its decision affirming in
part and reversing in part the district court's order dismissing the plaintiffs' case. We filed a petition for writ
of certiorari on March 4, 2024 with the U.S. Supreme Court, seeking review of the Ninth Circuit's order. The
Supreme Court granted in part our petition for writ of certiorari on June 10, 2024, and following oral argument
issued an order on November 22, 2024 dismissing the grant of certiorari as improvidently granted. On January 24,
2025, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit returned the case to the district court. On July 1, 2025, the
plaintiffs filed a fourth amended complaint.

We are also subject to other government inquiries and investigations relating to our business activities and
disclosure practices. For example, beginning in September 2021, we became subject to government investigations and
requests relating to a former employee's allegations and release of internal company documents concerning, among
other things, our algorithms, advertising and user metrics, and content enforcement practices, as well as
misinformation and other undesirable activity on our platform, and user well-being. We have since received
additional requests relating to these and other topics. Beginning on October 27, 2021, multiple putative class
actions and derivative actions were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California
against us and certain of our directors and officers alleging violations of securities laws, breach of fiduciary
duties, and other causes of action in connection with the same matters, and seeking unspecified damages ( Ohio Pub.
Empl. Ret. Sys. v. Meta Platforms, Inc .). On September 30, 2024, the court dismissed certain claims with leave to
amend, but determined certain claims regarding content enforcement practices and user well-being could proceed
against us and certain of our current and former directors and officers.

On March 8, 2022, a putative class action was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of
California against us and certain of our directors and officers alleging violations of securities laws in
connection with the disclosure of our earnings results for the fourth quarter of 2021 and seeking unspecified
damages ( Plumbers & Steamfitters Local 60 Pension Trust v. Meta Platforms, Inc. ). On July 18, 2023, the court
dismissed the claims against Meta and its officers with leave to amend. On September 18, 2023, the plaintiffs filed
an amended complaint and on September 17, 2024, the court dismissed the claims with prejudice. On October 14, 2024,
plaintiffs filed their notice of appeal. The appeal is fully briefed.
                                                        22                                                         
Table of Contents

Youth-Related Actions
Beginning in January 2022, we became subject to litigation and other proceedings that were filed in various federal
and state courts alleging that Facebook and Instagram cause "social media addiction" in users, with most
proceedings focused on those under 18 years old, resulting in various mental health and other harms. Putative class
actions have been filed in the United States, Brazil, and Canada on behalf of users in those jurisdictions, and
numerous school districts, municipalities, and tribal nations have filed public nuisance claims in the United
States, Brazil, and/or Canada based on similar allegations. On October 6, 2022, the U.S. federal cases were
centralized in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California ( In re Social Media Adolescent
Addiction Product Liability Personal Injury Litigation) . Beginning in March 2023, U.S. states and territories
began filing lawsuits on these topics in various federal and state courts. These additional lawsuits include
allegations regarding violations of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), child sexual abuse
material and other child safety concerns, as well as violations of state consumer protection laws, unfair business
practices, public nuisance, and products liability, with proceedings focused on our alleged business practices
(including the use of end-to-end encryption) and harms to users under 18 years old. These lawsuits seek damages and
injunctive relief, and include cases filed by various state attorneys general in In re Social Media Adolescent
Addiction Product Liability Personal Injury Litigation in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of
California, as well as various state courts around the country. The first group of personal injury cases is
currently set for trial beginning on November 19, 2025 in Judicial Council Coordination Proceeding No. 5255 pending
in Los Angeles County California Superior Court. Trial in the first of the state attorneys general cases is
currently scheduled to begin on February 2, 2026 in the First Judicial District Court of New Mexico, in a case
brought by the New Mexico Attorney General. Trials in other state attorneys general cases are currently scheduled
or expected to be scheduled in the second half of 2026. The first trial in the multidistrict litigation ( In re
Social Media Adolescent Addiction Product Liability Personal Injury Litigation ) is anticipated to be scheduled
beginning in summer 2026. In addition, beginning in November 2024, counsel for tens of thousands of individual
claimants began sending mass arbitration demands relating to "social media addiction" and related harms allegedly
caused by Instagram.

We are also subject to government investigations and requests from multiple regulators in various jurisdictions
globally concerning the use of our products and services, and the alleged mental and physical health and safety
impacts on users, particularly younger users. On May 16, 2024, the European Commission opened formal proceedings
assessing our compliance with certain requirements under Articles 28, 34, and 35 of the Digital Services Act (DSA),
including the way in which we identified, assessed, and mitigated against certain systemic risks to minors and
other vulnerable users that may stem from the design and functioning of Instagram and Facebook.

Other Actions

Beginning on August 15, 2018, multiple putative class actions were filed against us alleging that we inflated our
estimates of the potential audience size for advertisements, resulting in artificially increased demand and higher
prices. The cases were consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California ( DZ Reserve
v. Facebook, Inc. ) and seek unspecified damages and injunctive relief. In a series of rulings in 2019, 2021, and
2022, the court dismissed certain of the plaintiffs' claims, but permitted their fraud and unfair competition
claims to proceed. On March 29, 2022, the court granted the plaintiffs' motion for class certification. On March
21, 2024, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit affirmed in part and reversed in part the order granting
class certification. On May 3, 2024, we filed a petition for panel rehearing and rehearing en banc, which was
denied by the Ninth Circuit. We filed a petition for a writ of certiorari with the U.S. Supreme Court on October 2,
2024, which was denied. Trial is scheduled to begin on October 14, 2025.

Beginning on July 7, 2023, multiple cases, including putative class actions, were filed against us in the United
States and elsewhere, alleging that we improperly acquired, distributed, and used various copyrighted books and
materials to train our artificial intelligence models and seeking unspecified damages and injunctive relief. The
cases in the United States, which were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (
Kadrey, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc., Chabon, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc. and Farnsworth v. Meta Platforms,
Inc. ) and U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York ( Huckabee, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc. et
al. , which was subsequently transferred to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California), have
been consolidated into Kadrey, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc . Motions for summary judgment were heard in this case
on May 1, 2025, including on the issue of the applicability of the fair use defense to use of copyrighted books for
generative AI model training. On June 25, 2025, the court granted our motion for summary judgment on fair use as to
the named plaintiffs in the case. The parties will proceed to brief the remaining claim of copyright infringement
due to alleged distribution of books to third parties during the downloading process.
                                                        23                                                         
Table of Contents
On April 30, 2024, the European Commission opened formal proceedings against us to assess Facebook and Instagram's
compliance with certain requirements under Articles 14, 16, 17, 20, 24, 25, 34, 35, and 40 of the DSA, regarding a
range of topics including elections, content reporting and appeals, third-party access to data, political content
recommendations, potential deceptive advertising and disinformation, including the way in which we identified,
assessed, and mitigated against certain systemic risks on Instagram and Facebook. We are also responding to
regulatory inquiries and litigation related to allegedly deceptive advertising, including but not limited to
financial scams, in other parts of the world.

On September 18, 2024, staff of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB or Bureau) initiated a Notice and
Opportunity to Respond and Advise (NORA) process related to its investigation of advertising for financial products
and services on our platform, informing us that staff may recommend to the Director of the CFPB that the Bureau
take legal action alleging violations of the Consumer Financial Protection Act, including based on our alleged
receipt and use for advertising of financial information from third parties through certain advertising tools as
well as our related user disclosures and controls, and provided us with an opportunity to respond. We disagree with
the claims staff is considering and believe an enforcement action is unwarranted, and have responded through the
NORA process. The result of the NORA process is uncertain at this time.

In addition, we are subject to litigation and other proceedings involving law enforcement and other regulatory
agencies, including in particular in Brazil, Russia, and other countries in Europe, in order to ascertain the
precise scope of our legal obligations to comply with the requests of those agencies, including our obligation to
disclose user information in particular circumstances. A number of such instances have resulted in the assessment
of fines and penalties against us. We believe we have multiple legal grounds to satisfy these requests or prevail
against associated fines and penalties, and we intend to vigorously defend such fines and penalties.
                                                                                                                   
  Note 9. Stockholders' Equity                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Capital Return Program
Share Repurchase

Our board of directors has authorized a share repurchase program of our Class A common stock, which commenced in
January 2017 and does not have an expiration date. As of December 31, 2024, $ 51.28billion remained available and
authorized for repurchases under this program. During the six months ended June 30, 2025, we repurchased and
subsequently retired 36million shares of our Class A common stock for an aggregate amount of $ 23.16billion,
including excise taxes. As of June 30, 2025, $ 28.23billion remained available and authorized for repurchases.

Dividend
The following table summarizes our dividends activities for the periods presented (in millions, except per share
amounts):
                                                                                                             
  Record Date                                                                                                
  2025                  Payment Date             Dividend Per Share       Class A       Class B       Total  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  March 14, 2025        March 26, 2025        $               0.525    $    1,145    $      180    $  1,325  
  June 16, 2025         June 26, 2025         $               0.525    $    1,142    $      180    $  1,322  
  2024                                                                                                       
  February 22, 2024     March 26, 2024        $                0.50    $    1,099    $      174    $  1,273  
  June 14, 2024         June 26, 2024         $                0.50    $    1,093    $      173    $  1,266  
  September 16, 2024    September 26, 2024    $                0.50    $    1,090    $      172    $  1,262  
  December 16, 2024     December 27, 2024     $                0.50    $    1,095    $      172    $  1,267  
                                                                                                             
Beginning in the first quarter of 2025, our board of directors increased the cash dividend by 5% to $ 0.525per
share of outstanding Class A and Class B common stock. During the three and six months ended June 30, 2025 and
2024, dividend equivalent payments on eligible equity awards, which are not included above, were not material.
                                                        24                                                         
Table of Contents

Share-based Compensation Plan
Our board of directors and stockholders approved our 2025 Equity Incentive Plan (2025 Plan), effective as of May
28, 2025, which serves as the successor to our 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (2012 Plan) and provides for the issuance
of RSUs, incentive and nonqualified stock options, restricted stock awards, stock appreciation rights, performance
shares, and stock bonuses to qualified employees, directors, and consultants. No new awards will be issued under
the 2012 Plan as of the effective date of the 2025 Plan. Outstanding awards under the 2012 Plan continue to be
subject to the terms and conditions of the 2012 Plan. Shares that are withheld in connection with the net
settlement of RSUs granted under the 2012 Plan and 2025 Plan, as well as forfeited shares underlying RSUs that were
granted under the 2012 Plan and 2025 Plan, are added to the reserves of the 2025 Plan. As of June 30, 2025, there
were 466million shares of our Class A common stock reserved for future issuance under our 2025 Plan.
The following table summarizes our share-based compensation expense, which consists of RSU expense, by line item in
our condensed consolidated statements of income (in millions):
                                                                                                                   
                                   Three Months Ended June                      Six Months Ended June              
                                                       30,                                        30,              
                                                      2025        2024                           2025        2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of revenue             $                        278    $    288    $                       549    $    510  
  Research and development                           4,080       3,780                          7,507       6,691  
  Marketing and sales                                  234         287                            470         513  
  General and                                          242         261                            455         464  
  administrative                                                                                                   
  Total                       $                      4,834    $  4,616    $                     8,981    $  8,178  
                                                                                                                   
The following table summarizes the activities for our unvested RSUs for the six months ended June 30, 2025:
                                                                                                  
                                   Number of Shares       Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value  
                                     (in thousands)                                    Per Share  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Unvested at December 31, 2024             122,632    $                                  302.27  
  Granted                                    38,566    $                                  615.80  
  Vested                                    -30,540    $                                  288.95  
  Forfeited                                  -8,798    $                                  318.97  
  Unvested at June 30, 2025                 121,860    $                                  403.63  
                                                                                                  
The fair value as of the respective vesting dates of RSUs that vested during the three months ended June 30, 2025
and 2024 was $ 9.81billion and $ 7.89billion, respectively, and $ 21.34billion and $ 15.46billion during the six
months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The income tax benefit recognized related to awards vested
during the three months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024 was $ 2.02billion and $ 1.65billion, respectively, and $
4.38billion and $ 3.27billion during the six months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively.

As of June 30, 2025, there was $ 46.75billion of unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to RSU
awards. This unrecognized compensation expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of
approximately three yearsbased on vesting under the award service conditions.
                                                        25                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Note 10. Income Taxes                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
Our tax provision for interim periods is determined using an estimated annual effective tax rate, adjusted for
discrete items arising in that quarter, including excess tax benefits or shortfall tax expenses from share-based
compensation and changes in unrecognized tax benefits. In each quarter, we update the estimated annual effective
tax rate and make a year-to-date adjustment to the provision. The estimated annual effective tax rate is subject to
significant volatility due to several factors, including our ability to accurately predict the proportion of our
income (loss) before provision for income taxes in multiple jurisdictions, the U.S. tax benefits from foreign
derived intangible income, and the effects of tax law changes.

Our gross unrecognized tax benefits were $ 16.78billion and $ 15.13billion as of June 30, 2025 and December 31,
2024, respectively. These unrecognized tax benefits primarily related to the uncertainties with our research tax
credits and transfer pricing with our foreign subsidiaries, which include licensing of intellectual property,
providing services and other transactions. If the gross unrecognized tax benefits as of June 30, 2025 were realized
in a future period, this would result in a tax benefit of $ 10.98billion within our provision for income taxes at
such time. The amount of interest and penalties accrued was $ 2.60billion and $ 2.21billion as of June 30, 2025 and
December 31, 2024, respectively. We expect to continue to accrue unrecognized tax benefits for certain recurring
tax positions.

Facebook, Inc. v. Comm'r of Internal Revenue

In July 2016, we received a Statutory Notice of Deficiency (Notice) from the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) related
to transfer pricing with our foreign subsidiaries in conjunction with the examination of the 2010 tax year. While
the Notice applies only to the 2010 tax year, the IRS stated that it will also apply its position for tax years
subsequent to 2010 and has done so in years covered by the second Notice described below. We did not agree with the
position of the IRS and filed a petition in the Tax Court challenging the Notice ( Facebook, Inc. v. Comm'r of
Internal Revenue (2010 tax year)). On January 15, 2020, the IRS's amendment to answer was filed stating that it
planned to assert at trial an adjustment that is higher than the adjustment stated in the Notice. The first session
of the trial was completed in March 2020 and the final trial session was completed in August 2022.

In March 2018, we received a second Notice from the IRS in conjunction with the examination of our 2011 through
2013 tax years. The IRS applied its position from the 2010 tax year to each of these years and also proposed new
adjustments related to other transfer pricing with our foreign subsidiaries and certain tax credits that we
claimed. We do not agree with the positions of the IRS in the second Notice and have filed a petition in the Tax
Court challenging the second Notice ( Facebook, Inc. v. Comm'r of Internal Revenue (2011-2013 tax years)).

On May 22, 2025, the Tax Court issued its opinion in Facebook, Inc. v. Comm'r of Internal Revenue (2010 tax year).
The Tax Court opinion provided a value of $ 7.79billion for the intellectual property transferred to our
international subsidiary, which is $ 1.48billion higher than we reported. We estimated the net tax effects based on
the revised value, and our provision for income taxes increased due to the remeasurement of unrecognized tax
benefits. The Tax Court will review tax estimates submitted by both parties and determine the tax due in its
forthcoming Tax Court decision. We will reassess any remeasurement of unrecognized tax benefits in the period in
which the Tax Court decision is entered. At that time, we and the IRS will each have the option to file an appeal
to the Ninth Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals.
                                                        26                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Note 11. Segment Information                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
We report our financial results for our tworeportable segments: Family of Apps (FoA) and Reality Labs (RL). FoA
includes Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, WhatsApp, and other services. RL includes our virtual, augmented, and
mixed reality related consumer hardware, software, and content. Our operating segments are the same as our
reportable segments.
The following table sets forth our segment information of revenue, expenses, and income (loss) from operations (in
millions):
                                                                                                                   
                               Three Months Ended June                        Six Months Ended June                
                                                   30,                                          30,                
  Family of Apps:                                 2025          2024                           2025          2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue                   $                   47,146    $   38,718    $                    89,048    $   74,734  
  Employee                                      -9,336        -7,746                        -18,366       -15,192  
  compensation(1)                                                                                                  
  Other costs and                              -12,839       -11,637                        -23,946       -22,543  
  expenses(2)                                                                                                      
  Income from operations    $                   24,971    $   19,335    $                    46,736    $   36,999  
  Reality Labs:                                                                                                    
  Revenue                   $                      370    $      353    $                       782    $      793  
  Employee                                      -2,523        -2,600                         -5,301        -5,058  
  compensation(1)                                                                                                  
  Other costs and                               -2,377        -2,241                         -4,220        -4,069  
  expenses(3)                                                                                                      
  Loss from operations      $                   -4,530    $   -4,488    $                    -8,739    $   -8,334  
  Total:                                                                                                           
  Revenue                   $                   47,516    $   39,071    $                    89,830    $   75,527  
  Employee                                     -11,859       -10,346                        -23,667       -20,250  
  compensation(1)                                                                                                  
  Other costs and                              -15,216       -13,878                        -28,166       -26,612  
  expenses                                                                                                         
  Income from operations    $                   20,441    $   14,847    $                    37,997    $   28,665  
                                                                                                                   
____________________________________
(1) Employee compensation includes employee payroll, share-based compensation, bonus, and employee benefits for
medical care, retirement, insurances and other.
(2) Includes costs and expenses in FoA segment for infrastructure, professional services, partner arrangements,
marketing, facilities, legal-related costs, and other expenses.
(3) Includes costs and expenses in RL segment for inventory, professional services, marketing, infrastructure,
facilities, and other expenses.
                                                        27                                                         
Table of Contents
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 2.                                                                                                        │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations                          │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
You should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with
our condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q and with our audited consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition to our
historical condensed consolidated financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking
statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those
discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include
those discussed below and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, particularly in Part II, Item 1A, "Risk
Factors." For a discussion of limitations in the measurement of our Family metrics, see the section entitled
"Limitations of Key Metrics and Other Data" in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.

To supplement our condensed consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP), we present revenue on a constant currency
basis, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Revenue on a constant currency basis is presented in the section
entitled "—Revenue—Foreign Exchange Impact on Revenue." To calculate revenue on a constant currency basis, we
translated revenue for the three and six months ended June 30, 2025 using the prior year's monthly exchange rates
for our settlement or billing currencies other than the U.S. dollar.

This non-GAAP financial measure is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior
to, financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. This measure may be different from non-
GAAP financial measures used by other companies, limiting its usefulness for comparison purposes. Moreover,
presentation of revenue on a constant currency basis is provided for year-over-year comparison purposes, and
investors should be cautioned that the effect of changing foreign currency exchange rates has an actual effect on
our operating results. We believe this non-GAAP financial measure provides investors with useful supplemental
information about the financial performance of our business, enables comparison of financial results between
periods where certain items may vary independent of business performance, and allows for greater transparency with
respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business.
                                                                                                                   
  Executive Overview of Second Quarter Results                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Our mission is to build the future of human connection and the technology that makes it possible.

Our financial results and key Family metrics for the second quarter of 2025 are set forth below. Total revenue for
the second quarter of 2025 was $47.52 billion, an increase of 22% compared to the second quarter of 2024, due to an
increase in advertising revenue. Ad impressions delivered across our Family of Apps in the second quarter of 2025
increased 11% year-over-year, and our average price per ad in the second quarter of 2025 increased 9% year-over-
year.

Income from operations for the second quarter of 2025 was $20.44 billion, an increase of $5.59 billion, or 38%,
compared to the second quarter of 2024, driven by an increase in advertising revenue, partially offset by an
increase in costs and expenses. The increase in costs and expenses was mainly due to increases in infrastructure
costs and employee compensation, partially offset by lower legal-related costs.
                                                        28                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Consolidated and Segment Results                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
We report our financial results for our two reportable segments: Family of Apps (FoA) and Reality Labs (RL). FoA
includes Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, WhatsApp, and other services. RL includes our virtual, augmented, and
mixed reality related consumer hardware, software, and content.
                                                                                                                   
          F…                                                                                                       
          of                                                                                                       
          A…                                                                                                       
          T…                                                                                                       
          M…                                                                                                       
          E…                                                                                                       
          J…                                    R…                                    T…                           
          3…                                    L…                                    T…                           
          2…                                    T…                                    M…                           
          (…                                    M…                                    E…                           
          m…                                    E…                           %        J…                           
          e…                     %              J…                           c…       3…                      %    
          p…           2…        c…    2…       3…        2…                 2…       2…                      ch…  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  …    $      4…    $      3…    2…          $      3…          $      3…    5%    $      47…    $      3…    22%  
  …                                                                                                                
  …           2…           1…    1…                 4…                 4…    1%           27…           2…    12%  
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …    $      2…    $      1…    2…          $      -…          $      -…    (…    $      20…    $      1…    38%  
  …                                                                                                                
  …                                                                                                                
  …       53   %       50   %                   -…   %             -…   %             43    %       38   %         
  …                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
• Net income was $18.34 billion, with diluted earnings per share (EPS) of $7.14 for the three months ended June 30,
2025.

• Capital expenditures, including principal payments on finance leases, were $17.01 billion for the three months
ended June 30, 2025.

• Share repurchases of our Class A common stock were $9.76 billion and total dividend and dividend equivalent
payments were $1.33 billion for the three months ended June 30, 2025.

• Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities were $47.07 billion as of June 30, 2025.

• Effective tax rate was 11% for the three months ended June 30, 2025.

• Headcount was 75,945 as of June 30, 2025, an increase of 7% year-over-year.
                                                                                                                   
  Family of Apps Metrics                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
• Family daily active people (DAP) was 3.48 billion on average for June 2025, an increase of 6% year-over-year.

• Ad impressions delivered across our Family of Apps in the second quarter of 2025 increased by 11% year-over-year.

• Average price per ad in the second quarter of 2025 increased by 9% year-over-year.
                                                                                                                   
  Developments in Advertising                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Substantially all of our revenue is currently generated from advertising on Facebook and Instagram. We rely on
targeting and measurement tools that incorporate data signals from user activity on websites and services that we
do not control, as well as signals generated within our products, in order to deliver relevant and effective ads to
our users. Our advertising revenue has been, and we expect will continue to be, adversely affected by reduced
marketer spending as a result of limitations on our ad targeting and measurement tools arising from changes to the
regulatory environment and third-party mobile operating systems and browsers.

In particular, legislative and regulatory developments such as the General Data Protection Regulation, including
its evolving interpretation through decisions of the Court of Justice of the European Union, ePrivacy Directive,
European Digital Services Act, Digital Markets Act, and U.S. state privacy laws including the California Consumer
Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, have impacted our ability to use data signals in our
ad products, and an increasing number of laws have been introduced limiting or prohibiting the provision of our
services to younger users. We expect these and other developments will have further impact in the future. As a
result, we have implemented, and we will continue to implement, whether voluntarily or otherwise, changes to our
products and user data practices, which reduce our ability to effectively target and measure ads and may negatively
impact our advertising revenue and user engagement. For example, in response to regulatory developments in Europe,
we announced our plans to change the legal basis for behavioral advertising on Facebook and Instagram in the
European Union, European Economic Area, and Switzerland from "legitimate interests" to "consent," and began
offering users in the region a "subscription for no ads" alternative. We subsequently began offering users in the
region who elect to continue using our services free-of-charge, supported by ads, an option to see less
personalized ads, which are less relevant and effective than our premium ad offerings. We are engaging with
regulators on
                                                        29                                                         
Table of Contents
our consent model. In addition, mobile operating system and browser providers, such as Apple and Google, have
implemented product changes and/or announced plans to limit the ability of websites and application developers to
collect and use these signals to target and measure advertising. For example, in 2021, Apple made certain changes
to its products and data use policies in connection with changes to its iOS operating system that reduce our and
other iOS developers' ability to target and measure advertising, which has negatively impacted, and we expect will
continue to negatively impact, the size of the budgets marketers are willing to commit to us and other advertising
platforms.

To mitigate these developments, we are continually working to evolve our advertising systems to improve the
performance of our ad products. We are developing privacy enhancing technologies to deliver relevant ads and
measurement capabilities while reducing the amount of personal information we process, including by relying more on
anonymized or aggregated third-party data. In addition, we are developing tools that enable marketers to share
their data into our systems, as well as ad products that generate more valuable signals within our apps. More
broadly, we also continue to innovate our advertising tools to help marketers prepare campaigns and connect with
consumers, including developing growing formats such as Reels ads and our business messaging ad products. Across
all of these efforts, we are making significant investments in artificial intelligence (AI), including generative
AI, to improve our delivery, targeting, and measurement capabilities. Further, we are focused on driving onsite
conversions in our business messaging ad products by developing new features and scaling existing features.

We are also engaging with others across our industry to explore the possibility of new open standards for the
private and secure processing of data for advertising purposes. We believe our ongoing improvements to ad targeting
and measurement are continuing to drive improved results for advertisers. However, we expect that some of these
efforts will be long-term initiatives, and that the legislative, regulatory and platform developments described
above will continue to adversely impact our advertising revenue for the foreseeable future.

In addition, we maintain advertising policies to protect the security and integrity of our platform and comply with
global content, security, and integrity obligations. Our ongoing efforts to enhance enforcement against ads and
marketers which violate our advertising policies adversely affect our revenue, and we expect that the continued
enhancement of such efforts will have an impact on our revenue in the future, which may be material.
                                                                                                                   
  Other Business and Macroeconomic Conditions                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Other global and regional business, macroeconomic, and geopolitical conditions also have had, and we believe will
continue to have, an impact on our user growth and engagement and advertising revenue. In particular, we believe
advertising budgets have been pressured from time to time by factors such as inflation, economic policies and
international trade, high interest rates, and related market uncertainty, which has led to reduced marketer
spending. We are currently subject to increased business, macroeconomic, and geopolitical uncertainty, including as
a result of volatility around international trade, which could impact our financial results in future periods.

In addition, competitive products and services have reduced some users' engagement with our products and services.
We are investing in Reels and in AI initiatives across our products, including our AI-powered discovery engine to
recommend relevant content, which we have already seen results in improved user engagement and monetization of our
products. However, we continue to face competition from other products and services within certain demographics, in
particular younger users. In addition, while Reels is growing in usage, it monetizes at a lower rate than our Feed
and Stories products and we expect it will continue to monetize at a lower rate for the foreseeable future. We also
have seen fluctuations and declines in the size of our active user base in one or more regions from time to time
due to geopolitical conditions, which have adversely affected our user growth and engagement. These trends have
adversely affected our advertising revenue and we expect will continue to adversely affect our advertising revenue
in the foreseeable future.

Although we regularly evaluate a variety of sources to understand trends in our advertising revenue, we do not have
perfect visibility into the factors driving advertiser spending decisions and our assessments involve complex
judgments about what is driving advertising decisions across a large and diversified advertiser base across the
globe. Trends impacting advertising spend are also dynamic and interrelated. As a result, it is difficult to
identify with precision which advertiser spending decisions are attributable to which trends, and we are unable to
quantify the exact impact that each trend had on our advertising revenue during the periods presented.
                                                        30                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Investment Philosophy                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
We remain focused on operating efficiently while investing in significant opportunities. In the six months ended
June 30, 2025, 82% of our total costs and expenses were recognized in FoA and 18% were recognized in RL. Our FoA
investments include expenses relating to headcount, data centers, and technical infrastructure as part of our
efforts to develop our apps and our advertising services. These efforts include significant investments in AI
initiatives, including generative AI and superintelligence, to, among other things, recommend relevant content
across our products, enhance our advertising tools, develop new products, and develop new features for existing
products. In particular, we expect our AI initiatives will require increased investment in infrastructure and
headcount.

We are also making significant investments in our metaverse and wearables efforts, including developing virtual,
augmented, and mixed reality devices, software for social platforms, neural interfaces, and other foundational
technologies. Our RL investments include expenses relating to technology development across these efforts. Many of
our RL investments are directed toward long-term, cutting-edge research and development for products that may only
be fully realized in the next decade. During the six months ended June 30, 2025, our RL segment reduced our overall
operating profit by approximately $8.74 billion, and we continue to expect our full-year RL operating losses to
increase in 2025. We expect this will be a complex, evolving, and long-term initiative, and our ability to support
our RL efforts is dependent on generating sufficient profits from other areas of our business. We are investing now
because we believe this will become the next computing platform and will unlock monetization opportunities for
businesses, developers, and creators, including around advertising, hardware, and digital goods.
                                                        31                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Trends in Our Revenue by User Geography                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
We calculate our revenue by user geography based on our estimate of the geography in which ad impressions are
delivered, virtual and digital goods are purchased, or consumer hardware products are shipped. The geography of our
users affects our revenue and financial results. Our revenue in regions such as United States & Canada and Europe
is relatively higher primarily due to the size and maturity of those online and mobile advertising markets, and ad
impression growth is mainly in geographies that monetize at lower rates, such as Asia-Pacific. In the second
quarter of 2025, revenue increased by 21% in United States & Canada, 24% in Europe, 19% in Asia-Pacific, and 24% in
Rest of World, in each case relative to the same period in 2024.
                                                         -                                                         
                                
  Ad Revenue    Non-Ad Revenue  
                                
Note: Non-advertising revenue includes RL revenue generated from the delivery of consumer hardware products and FoA
Other revenue, which consists of revenue from paid messaging from WhatsApp, Meta Verified subscriptions, net fees
we receive from developers using our Payments infrastructure, and revenue from various other sources.

Our revenue by user geography in the charts above is geographically apportioned based on our estimation of the
geographic location of our users when they perform a revenue-generating activity. This allocation differs from our
revenue disaggregated by geography disclosure in Note 2 — Revenue in our condensed consolidated financial
statements included in Part I, Item 1, "Financial Statements" where revenue is geographically apportioned based on
the addresses of our customers.
                                                        32                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Trends in Our Family Metrics                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
The numbers for our key Family metrics, our DAP and average revenue per person (ARPP), do not include users on our
other products unless they would otherwise qualify as DAP based on their other activities on our Family products.

Trends in the number of people in our community affect our revenue and financial results by influencing the number
of ads we are able to show, the value of our ads to marketers, as well as our expenses and capital expenditures.
Substantially all of our daily active people (as defined below) access our Family products on mobile devices.

• Daily Active People (DAP). We define a daily active person as a registered and logged-in user of Facebook,
Instagram, Messenger, and/or WhatsApp (collectively, our "Family" of products) who visited at least one of these
Family products through a mobile device application or using a web or mobile browser on a given day. We do not
require people to use a common identifier or link their accounts to use multiple products in our Family, and
therefore must seek to attribute multiple user accounts within and across products to individual people. Our
calculations of DAP rely upon complex techniques, algorithms, and machine learning models that seek to estimate the
underlying number of unique people using one or more of these products, including by matching user accounts within
an individual product and across multiple products when we believe they are attributable to a single person, and
counting such group of accounts as one person. As these techniques and models require significant judgment, are
developed based on internal reviews of limited samples of user accounts, and are calibrated against user survey
data, there is necessarily some margin of error in our estimates. We view DAP as a measure of engagement across our
products. For additional information, see the section entitled "Limitations of Key Metrics and Other Data" in this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
                                                        --                                                         
Note: We report the numbers of DAP as specific amounts, but these numbers are estimates of the numbers of unique
people using our products and are subject to statistical variances and errors. While we expect the error margin for
these estimates to vary from period to period, we estimate that such margin generally will be approximately 3% of
our worldwide DAP. At our scale, it is very difficult to attribute multiple user accounts within and across
products to individual people, and it is possible that the actual numbers of unique people using our products may
vary significantly from our estimates, potentially beyond our estimated error margins. For additional information,
see the section entitled "Limitations of Key Metrics and Other Data" in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2023, our Family metrics no longer include Messenger Kids users.

Worldwide DAP increased 6% to 3.48 billion on average during June 2025 from 3.27 billion during June 2024.
                                                        33                                                         
Table of Contents
• Average Revenue Per Person (ARPP). Our Family of Apps (FoA) revenue represents the substantial majority of our
total revenue. We define ARPP as our FoA revenue during a given quarter, divided by the average of the number of
DAP at the beginning and end of the quarter.
                                                                                                   
  ARPP:    $10.42    $10.93    $12.33    $11.20    $11.89    $12.29    $14.25    $12.36    $13.65  
                                                                                                   
Note: We updated our definition of ARPP beginning in the first quarter of 2024 and have recast ARPP in prior
periods for comparative purposes.

During the second quarter of 2025, worldwide ARPP was $13.65, an increase of 15% from the second quarter of 2024.
                                                        34                                                         
Table of Contents

Trends in Our Ad Impressions and Average Price Per Ad
• Ad Impressions. Our advertising revenue is generated by displaying ad products on Facebook, Instagram, Messenger,
and third-party mobile applications. Impressions are considered delivered when an ad is displayed to a user.
                                                         _                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                         _                                                         
Note: Our ad impressions growth by user geography in the charts above is geographically apportioned based on our
estimation of the geographic location of our users when an ad impression is delivered.
                                                        35                                                         
Table of Contents
• Average Price Per Ad. We calculate average price per ad as total advertising revenue divided by the number of ads
delivered.
                                                         _                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                         _                                                         
Note: Our average price per ad growth by user geography in the charts above is geographically apportioned based on
our estimation of the geographic location of our users when an ad impression is delivered.
                                                        36                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Components of Results of Operations                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Revenue                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Family of Apps (FoA)                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
Advertising . We generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising. Our advertising revenue is generated
by displaying ad products on Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and third-party mobile applications. Marketers pay for
ad products either directly or through their relationships with advertising agencies or resellers, based on the
number of impressions delivered or the number of actions, such as clicks, taken by users.

We recognize revenue from the display of impression-based ads in the contracted period in which the impressions are
delivered. Impressions are considered delivered when an ad is displayed to a user. We recognize revenue from the
delivery of action-based ads in the period in which a user takes the action the marketer contracted for. The number
of ads we show is subject to methodological changes as we continue to evolve our ads business and the structure of
our ads products. In particular, the ads we show may vary by product (for example, our video and Reels products are
not currently monetized at the same rate as our Feed or Stories products), and from time to time we increase or
decrease the number or frequency of ads we show as part of our product and monetization strategies. We calculate
average price per ad as total advertising revenue divided by the number of ads delivered, representing the average
price paid per ad by a marketer regardless of their desired objective such as impression or action. For advertising
revenue arrangements where we are not the principal, we recognize revenue on a net basis.

Other revenue . Other revenue consists of revenue from paid messaging from WhatsApp, Meta Verified subscriptions,
net fees we receive from developers using our Payments infrastructure, and revenue from various other sources.
                                                                                                                   
  Reality Labs (RL)                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
RL revenue is generated from the delivery of consumer hardware products, such as Meta Quest and Ray-Ban Meta AI
glasses, and related software and content.
                                                                                                                   
  Cost of Revenue and Operating Expenses                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
Cost of revenue. Our cost of revenue consists of expenses associated with the delivery and distribution of our
products. These mainly include expenses related to the operation of our data centers and technical infrastructure,
such as depreciation expense from servers, network infrastructure and buildings, employee compensation which
includes payroll, share-based compensation and benefits for employees on our operations teams, and energy and
bandwidth costs. Cost of revenue also consists of costs associated with partner arrangements, including traffic
acquisition costs and credit card and other fees related to processing customer transactions; RL inventory costs,
which consist of cost of products sold and estimated losses on non-cancelable contractual commitments; and content
costs.

Research and development. Research and development expenses consist mostly of employee compensation which includes
payroll, share-based compensation and benefits for our employees on our engineering and technical teams who are
responsible for developing new technologies and products; RL technology development costs; infrastructure costs;
and facilities-related costs.

Marketing and sales. Marketing and sales expenses consist primarily of employee compensation which includes
payroll, share-based compensation and benefits for our employees engaged in sales, sales support, marketing,
business development, and customer service functions; marketing and promotional expenses; and professional services
to support our community and product operations.

General and administrative. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of employee compensation which
includes payroll, share-based compensation and benefits for certain of our executives as well as our legal,
finance, human resources, corporate communications and policy, and other administrative employees; legal-related
costs, which include estimated fines, settlements, or other losses in connection with legal and related matters, as
well as other legal fees; other taxes, such as digital services taxes and other non-income-based tax levies; and
professional services.
                                                        37                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Results of Operations                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
The following table sets forth our condensed consolidated statements of income data (in millions):
                                                                                                                   
                                 Three Months Ended June                       Six Months Ended June               
                                                     30,                                         30,               
                                                    2025         2024                           2025         2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue                    $                    47,516    $  39,071    $                    89,830    $  75,527  
  Costs and expenses:                                                                                              
  Cost of revenue                                  8,491        7,308                         16,063       13,948  
  Research and                                    12,942       10,537                         25,092       20,515  
  development                                                                                                      
  Marketing and sales                              2,979        2,721                          5,735        5,285  
  General and                                      2,663        3,658                          4,943        7,114  
  administrative                                                                                                   
  Total costs and                                 27,075       24,224                         51,833       46,862  
  expenses                                                                                                         
  Income from operations                          20,441       14,847                         37,997       28,665  
  Interest and other                                  93          259                            919          624  
  income, net                                                                                                      
  Income before provision                         20,534       15,106                         38,916       29,289  
  for income taxes                                                                                                 
  Provision for income                             2,197        1,641                          3,935        3,455  
  taxes                                                                                                            
  Net income                 $                    18,337    $  13,465    $                    34,981    $  25,834  
                                                                                                                   
The following table sets forth our condensed consolidated statements of income data (as a percentage of revenue)
(1) :
                                                                                                                   
                                 Three Months Ended June                  Six Months Ended June 30,                
                                                     30,                                                           
                                                    2025       2024                            2025       2024     
  Revenue                                            100  %     100  %                          100  %     100  %  
  Costs and expenses:                                                                                              
  Cost of revenue                                     18         19                              18         18     
  Research and development                            27         27                              28         27     
  Marketing and sales                                  6          7                               6          7     
  General and                                          6          9                               6          9     
  administrative                                                                                                   
  Total costs and expenses                            57         62                              58         62     
  Income from operations                              43         38                              42         38     
  Interest and other                                   —          1                               1          1     
  income, net                                                                                                      
  Income before provision                             43         39                              43         39     
  for income taxes                                                                                                 
  Provision for income                                 5          4                               4          5     
  taxes                                                                                                            
  Net income                                          39  %      34  %                           39  %      34  %  
                                                                                                                   
____________________________________
(1) Percentages have been rounded for presentation purposes and may differ from unrounded results.
                                                        38                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Revenue                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
The following table sets forth our revenue by source and by segment:
                                                                                                                   
                        Three Months                                                                               
                      Ended June 30,                                                                               
                                2025                                                                               
                       (in millions,                                       Six Months                              
                              except                                   Ended June 30,                              
                        percentages)         2024    % change                    2025         2024    % change     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Advertising      $          46,563    $  38,329          21  %    $          87,955    $  73,965          19  %  
  Other revenue                  583          389          50  %                1,093          769          42  %  
  Family of                   47,146       38,718          22  %               89,048       74,734          19  %  
  Apps                                                                                                             
  Reality Labs                   370          353           5  %                  782          793          -1  %  
  Total revenue    $          47,516    $  39,071          22  %    $          89,830    $  75,527          19  %  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Family of Apps                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
FoA revenue in the three and six months ended June 30, 2025 increased $8.43 billion, or 22%, and $14.31 billion, or
19%, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2024. The increases were almost entirely driven by advertising
revenue.

Advertising

Advertising revenue in the three and six months ended June 30, 2025 increased $8.23 billion, or 21%, and $13.99
billion, or 19%, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2024, due to increases in ad impressions delivered
and average price per ad. During the three and six months ended June 30, 2025, ad impressions delivered increased
by 11% and 8%, respectively, year-over-year, as compared with increases of 10% and 15%, respectively in the same
periods in 2024. Ad impressions delivered during the three and six months ended June 30, 2025 grew in all regions,
especially in Asia-Pacific, which was driven by increases in users and their engagement on our products. During the
three and six months ended June 30, 2025, the average price per ad increased by 9% and 10%, respectively, year-
over-year, as compared with increases of 10% and 8%, respectively, in the same periods in 2024. The increases in
average price per ad were driven by an increase in advertising demand, which we believe is mostly due to ongoing
improvements to our ad performance from our ad targeting and measurement tools. This increase was partially offset
by a higher number of ad impressions delivered, especially in geographies and in products, such as Reels, that
monetize at lower rates. Other factors are discussed in the section entitled "—Executive Overview of Second Quarter
Results." In addition, the online commerce vertical was the largest contributor to the increase in advertising
revenue in the three and six months ended June 30, 2025 compared to the same periods in 2024. We anticipate that
future advertising revenue will be driven by a combination of price and ad impressions delivered.

Other revenue

FoA other revenue in the three and six months ended June 30, 2025 increased $194 million, or 50%, and $324 million,
or 42%, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2024. The increases were mostly driven by paid messaging from
WhatsApp and Meta Verified subscriptions.
                                                                                                                   
  Reality Labs                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
RL revenue in the three months ended June 30, 2025 increased $17 million, or 5%, compared to the same period in
2024, driven by an increase in sales of Ray-Ban Meta AI glasses, partially offset by a net decrease in Meta Quest
sales. RL revenue in the six months ended June 30, 2025 decreased $11 million, or 1%, compared to the same period
in 2024.
                                                                                                                   
  Foreign Exchange Impact on Revenue                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Changes in foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact on our revenue in the three and six months ended June
30, 2025 compared to the same periods in 2024. To calculate revenue on a constant currency basis, we translated
revenue using the prior year's monthly exchange rates for our settlement or billing currencies other than the U.S.
dollar. Using these constant rates, for the three months ended June 30, 2025, our total revenue and advertising
revenue would have been $47.60 billion and $46.64 billion, which were $82 million and $80 million higher than
actual total revenue and
                                                        39                                                         
Table of Contents
advertising revenue, respectively. Using these constant rates, for the six months ended June 30, 2025, our total
revenue and advertising revenue would have been $91.15 billion and $89.26 billion, which were $1.32 billion and
$1.30 billion higher than actual total revenue and advertising revenue, respectively.
                                                                                                                   
  Cost of revenue                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
               Three                                                                                               
              Months                                                                                               
               Ended                                                                                               
                June                                                                                               
                 30,                                                 Six                                           
                2025                                              Months                                           
                 (in                                               Ended                                           
              milli…                                                June                                           
              except                                   %             30,                                     %     
              perce…              2024            change            2025               2024             change     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost                                                                                                             
  of       $          8,491    $        7,308         16  %    $          16,063    $        13,948         15  %  
  reve…                                                                                                            
  Perc…                                                                                                            
  of              18      %         19      %                         18       %         18       %                
  reve…                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
Cost of revenue in the three and six months ended June 30, 2025 increased $1.18 billion, or 16%, and $2.12 billion,
or 15%, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2024. The increases were mainly due to higher operational
expenses related to our data centers and technical infrastructure, which included decreases in the depreciation
growth rate due to an extension in the useful lives of servers and network assets, effective January 1, 2025. To a
lesser extent, higher costs associated with partner arrangements also contributed to the increases in the three and
six months ended June 30, 2025.

See Note 1 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial
statements included in Part I, Item 1, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information regarding
changes in the estimated useful life of our servers and network assets.
                                                                                                                   
  Research and development                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
               Three                                                                                               
              Months                                                                                               
               Ended                                                                                               
                June                                                                                               
                 30,                                                  Six                                          
                2025                                               Months                                          
                 (in                                                Ended                                          
              milli…                                                 June                                          
              except                                    %             30,                                    %     
              perce…               2024            change            2025               2024            change     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Rese…                                                                                                            
  and      $          12,942    $        10,537        23  %    $          25,092    $        20,515        22  %  
  deve…                                                                                                            
  Perc…                                                                                                            
  of              27       %         27       %                        28       %         27       %               
  reve…                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
Research and development expenses in the three and six months ended June 30, 2025 increased $2.40 billion, or 23%,
and $4.58 billion, or 22%, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2024. The increases were mostly due to
higher employee compensation and infrastructure costs for research and development.

The higher employee compensation was mainly from a 10% growth in employee headcount from June 30, 2024 to June 30,
2025 in engineering and other technical functions supporting our continued investment in our family of products and
Reality Labs.
Marketing and sales
                                                                                                                   
                 Three                                                                                             
                Months                                                                                             
                 Ended                                                                                             
                  June                                                                                             
                   30,                                                 Six                                         
                  2025                                              Months                                         
                   (in                                               Ended                                         
               millio…                                                June                                         
                except                                   %             30,                                   %     
               percen…              2024            change            2025              2024            change     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Marke…                                                                                                           
  and       $           2,979    $        2,721          9  %    $          5,735    $        5,285          9  %  
  sales                                                                                                            
  Perce…                                                                                                           
  of                 6      %          7      %                          6      %          7      %                
  reven…                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
Marketing and sales expenses in the three and six months ended June 30, 2025 increased $258 million, or 9%, and
$450 million, or 9%, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2024. The increases were primarily due to higher
professional services related to ongoing platform integrity efforts and marketing and promotional expenses. In the
three months ended June 30, 2025, the increase was partially offset by a decrease in employee compensation related
to a 2% decrease in employee headcount from June 30, 2024 to June 30, 2025 in our marketing and sales functions.
                                                        40                                                         
Table of Contents

General and administrative
                                                                                                                   
                 Three                                                                                             
                Months                                                                                             
                 Ended                                                                                             
                  June                                                                                             
                   30,                                                 Six                                         
                  2025                                              Months                                         
                   (in                                               Ended                                         
               millio…                                                June                                         
                except                                   %             30,                                   %     
               percen…              2024            change            2025              2024            change     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Gener…                                                                                                           
  and       $           2,663    $        3,658        -27  %    $          4,943    $        7,114        -31  %  
  admin…                                                                                                           
  Perce…                                                                                                           
  of                 6      %          9      %                          6      %          9      %                
  reven…                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
General and administrative expenses in the three and six months ended June 30, 2025 decreased $995 million, or 27%,
and $2.17 billion, or 31%, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2024. The decreases were mostly driven by
lower legal-related costs.

See Note 8 — Commitments and Contingencies in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included
in Part I, Item 1, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information regarding legal-related costs.
                                                                                                                   
  Segment profitability                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
The following table sets forth income (loss) from operations by segment:
                                                                                                                   
                        Three Months                                                                               
                      Ended June 30,                                                                               
                                2025                                                                               
                       (in millions,                                       Six Months                              
                              except                                   Ended June 30,                              
                        percentages)         2024    % change                    2025         2024    % change     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Family of        $          24,971    $  19,335          29  %    $          46,736    $  36,999          26  %  
  Apps                                                                                                             
  Reality Labs                -4,530       -4,488          -1  %               -8,739       -8,334          -5  %  
  Total income                                                                                                     
  from             $          20,441    $  14,847          38  %    $          37,997    $  28,665          33  %  
  operations                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Family of Apps

FoA income from operations in the three and six months ended June 30, 2025 increased $5.64 billion, or 29%, and
$9.74 billion, or 26%, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2024. The increases in FoA income from
operations were driven by higher advertising revenue which was partially offset by increases in costs and expenses.
The increases in costs and expenses were mainly due to increases in employee compensation and infrastructure costs,
partially offset by lower legal-related costs.

Reality Labs

RL loss from operations in the three months ended June 30, 2025 increased $42 million, or 1%, compared to the same
period in 2024, driven by an increase in RL costs and expenses. The increase in RL costs and expenses was driven by
an increase in RL technology development costs.

RL loss from operations in the six months ended June 30, 2025 increased $405 million, or 5%, compared to the same
period in 2024, driven by an increase in RL costs and expenses. The increase in RL costs and expenses was mostly
due to increases in employee compensation and RL technology development costs.

See Note 8 — Commitments and Contingencies, and Note 11 — Segment Information in the notes to the condensed
consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional
information regarding legal-related costs and segment employee compensation, respectively.
                                                        41                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Interest and other income, net                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                          Three Months                                                                             
                        Ended June 30,                                                                             
                                  2025                                                                             
                         (in millions,                                      Six Months                             
                                except                                  Ended June 30,                             
                          percentages)       2024    % change                     2025        2024    % change     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Interest          $              481    $   540         -11  %     $           1,139    $  1,125           1  %  
  income                                                                                                           
  Interest                        -241       -128         -88  %                  -481        -255         -89  %  
  expense                                                                                                          
  Foreign                                                                                                          
  currency                         196       -168         217  %                   427        -316         235  %  
  exchange gains                                                                                                   
  (losses), net                                                                                                    
  Other income                    -343         15              NM                 -166          70        -337  %  
  (expense), net                                                                                                   
  Total interest                                                                                                   
  and other         $               93    $   259         -64  %     $             919    $    624          47  %  
  income, net                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
____________________________________
NM — not meaningful

Interest expense increased in the three and six months ended June 30, 2025, compared to the same periods in 2024,
due to higher long-term debt balances. Foreign currency exchange gains (losses), net increased in the three and six
months ended June 30, 2025, compared to the same periods in 2024, as a result of foreign currency transactions and
remeasurement. The decreases in other income (expense), net in the three and six months ended June 30, 2025,
compared to the same periods in 2024, were driven by unrealized losses on our marketable equity securities.

See Note 4 — Financial Instruments in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part
I, Item 1, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information regarding unrealized losses on our
marketable equity securities.
                                                                                                                   
  Provision for income taxes                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                 Three                                                                                             
                Months                                                                                             
                 Ended                                                                                             
                  June                                                                                             
                   30,                                                 Six                                         
                  2025                                              Months                                         
                   (in                                               Ended                                         
               millio…                                                June                                         
                except                                   %             30,                                   %     
               percen…              2024            change            2025              2024            change     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Provi…                                                                                                           
  for       $           2,197    $        1,641         34  %    $          3,935    $        3,455         14  %  
  income                                                                                                           
  taxes                                                                                                            
  Effec…                                                                                                           
  tax               11      %         11      %                         10      %         12      %                
  rate                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
Our provision for income taxes in the three and six months ended June 30, 2025 increased $556 million, or 34%, and
$480 million, or 14%, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2024, due to increases in income before
provision for income taxes. In the six months ended June 30, 2025, the increase was partially offset by a decrease
in the effective tax rate.

Our effective tax rate was flat in the three months ended June 30, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024. Our
effective tax rate decreased in the six months ended June 30, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024, a majority
of which was due to excess tax benefits recognized from share-based compensation.

Effective Tax Rate Items . Our effective tax rate in the future will depend upon the proportion between the
following items and income before provision for income taxes: U.S. tax benefits from foreign-derived intangible
income, tax effects from share-based compensation, research tax credit, tax effects from capital losses not
expected to be utilized, settlement of tax contingency items, tax effects of changes in our business, and the
effects of changes in tax law.

The accounting for share-based compensation may increase or decrease our effective tax rate based upon the
difference between our share-based compensation expense and the deductions taken on our tax return, which depend
upon the stock price at the time of employee award vesting.

With the enactment of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA) on July 4, 2025, we anticipate a reduction in our U.S.
federal cash tax payments for the remainder of 2025 and future years. There are several alternative ways of
implementing the provisions of the OBBBA, which we are currently evaluating. While we estimate that the 2025 tax
rate will be higher than our tax rate in the second quarter of 2025, we cannot quantify the magnitude at this time.
We expect to recognize the effects of the OBBBA in our financial results in the period ending September 30, 2025.
                                                        42                                                         
Table of Contents
A number of countries have enacted legislation to implement the Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development’s 15% global minimum tax regime. We do not expect these changes to have a material impact on our
consolidated financial statements for 2025. We continue to evaluate the impacts of proposed and enacted legislation
with respect to the global minimum tax regime in the jurisdictions we operate in. As additional jurisdictions enact
legislation, transitional relief expires, and other provisions of the global minimum tax legislation become
effective, our effective tax rate and cash tax payments could increase in future years.

See Note 10 — Income Taxes in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item
1, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information regarding income tax contingencies.
                                                                                                                   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and cash generated from
operations. Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities are comprised of cash on deposit with banks, time
deposits, money market funds, U.S. government and agency securities, investment grade corporate debt securities,
and marketable equity securities. As part of our cash management strategy, we concentrate cash deposits with large
financial institutions and our investment holdings are in diversified highly rated securities. Cash, cash
equivalents, and marketable securities were $47.07 billion as of June 30, 2025, a decrease of $30.74 billion from
December 31, 2024. The decrease was mostly due to $30.70 billion of capital expenditures, including principal
payments on finance leases, $25.58 billion of capital returns for repurchases of our Class A common stock and
payments of dividends and dividend equivalents, $15.21 billion of non-marketable equity investments, and $8.99
billion of taxes paid related to net share settlement of employee restricted stock unit (RSU) awards. These
decreases were partially offset by $49.59 billion of cash generated from operations.

The following table presents our cash flows (in millions):
                                                                                       
                                              Six Months Ended June 30,                
                                                                   2025          2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net cash provided by operating           $                     49,587    $   38,616  
  activities                                                                           
  Net cash used in investing activities    $                    -45,968    $  -17,032  
  Net cash used in financing activities    $                    -35,472    $  -30,945  
                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
  Cash Provided by Operating Activities                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
Cash provided by operating activities during the six months ended June 30, 2025 mostly consisted of $34.98 billion
net income adjusted for certain non-cash items, such as $8.98 billion of share-based compensation expense, $8.24
billion of depreciation and amortization expense, and $2.16 billion of deferred income taxes. The increase in cash
flows from operating activities during the six months ended June 30, 2025, compared to the same period in 2024, was
due primarily to an increase in cash collections from our customers driven by the increase in revenue and lower
cash paid for income taxes, partially offset by higher operational spending.
                                                                                                                   
  Cash Used in Investing Activities                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
Cash used in investing activities during the six months ended June 30, 2025 mostly consisted of $29.48 billion of
purchases of property and equipment as we continued to invest in servers, data centers, and network infrastructure,
and $15.21 billion of purchases of non-marketable equity investments. The increase in cash used in investing
activities during the six months ended June 30, 2025, compared to the same period in 2024, was mostly due to
increases in non-marketable equity investments and purchases of property and equipment.

We anticipate making capital expenditures of approximately $66 billion to $72 billion in 2025 to support our core
business and AI efforts.
                                                        43                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Cash Used in Financing Activities                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
Cash used in financing activities during the six months ended June 30, 2025 mostly consisted of $22.92 billion for
repurchases of our Class A common stock, $2.66 billion of payments of dividends and dividend equivalents, and $8.99
billion of taxes paid related to net share settlement of RSUs. The increase in cash used in financing activities
during the six months ended June 30, 2025, compared to the same period in 2024, was mostly due to increases in
taxes paid related to net share settlement of RSUs and share repurchases.
                                                                                                                   
  Material Cash Requirements                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
We currently anticipate that our available funds and cash flow from operations and financing activities will be
sufficient to meet our operational cash needs and fund our investments in infrastructure and AI initiatives, share
repurchases and dividend payments for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. We
continuously evaluate our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we
can finance our future capital requirements.
                                                                                                                   
  Leases and Contractual Commitments                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Our operating and finance leases include data centers, offices, certain network infrastructure and colocations. In
addition to lease liabilities, we have leases that have not yet commenced of approximately $52.56 billion as of
June 30, 2025, which will commence between the remainder of 2025 and 2034.

We also have $27.95 billion of contractual commitments as of June 30, 2025, mostly related to our investments in
servers and network infrastructure, consumer hardware products in Reality Labs, and data centers.
                                                                                                                   
  Long-term Debt                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
As of June 30, 2025, we had outstanding long-term debt in the form of senior unsecured notes for an aggregate
principal amount of $29.0 billion, which mature from 2027 through 2064. Short-term and long-term future interest
payments obligations as of June 30, 2025 were $1.38 billion and $27.41 billion, respectively.
                                                                                                                   
  Capital Return Program                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
Share Repurchase

Our board of directors has authorized a share repurchase program of our Class A common stock, which commenced in
January 2017 and does not have an expiration date. During the six months ended June 30, 2025, we repurchased and
subsequently retired 36 million shares of our Class A common stock for an aggregate amount of $23.16 billion. As of
June 30, 2025, $28.23 billion remained available and authorized for repurchases.

Dividend

Beginning in February 2025, we increased our quarterly cash dividends from $0.50 to $0.525 per share of Class A and
Class B common stock. During the six months ended June 30, 2025, we paid $2.66 billion of dividends and dividend
equivalents. Subject to legally available funds and future declaration by our board of directors, we currently
intend to continue to pay a quarterly cash dividend and dividend equivalents on our outstanding common stock.
                                                                                                                   
  Taxes                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
Cash paid for income taxes was $5.54 billion during the six months ended June 30, 2025. Our long-term income tax
liabilities include $12.05 billion related to the uncertain tax positions as of June 30, 2025. Due to uncertainties
in the timing of the completion of tax audits, the timing of the resolution of these positions is uncertain and we
are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments.
                                                        44                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Loss Contingencies                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
We are involved in legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory, tax or government inquiries and investigations.
Significant judgment is required to determine both probability and the estimated amount of loss. Such matters are
inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. Should any
of these estimates and assumptions change or prove to be incorrect, it could have a material impact on our results
of operations, financial position, and cash flows.

See Note 7 — Long-term Debt, Note 8 — Commitments and Contingencies, Note 9 — Stockholders' Equity, and Note 10 —
Income Taxes in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1, and "Legal
Proceedings" contained in Part II, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information
regarding debt, commitments and contingencies, capital return program, and taxes, respectively.
                                                                                                                   
  Critical Accounting Estimates                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
Our condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these
condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, we
evaluate our estimates and assumptions based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we
believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results could differ from these estimates under
different assumptions or conditions. Refer to "Critical Accounting Estimates" contained in Part II, Item 7 of our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 for a complete discussion of our critical
accounting estimates. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting estimates since our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 3.                                                                                                        │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk                                                     │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                                                                   
  Equity Price Risk                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
In the second quarter of 2025, we made additional investments in marketable equity securities and non-marketable
equity investments that could have a material impact on the fair value or carrying value of our holdings. For
additional information about our marketable equity securities and non-marketable equity investments, see Note 4 —
Financial Instruments and Note 5 — Non-Marketable Equity Investments in the notes to the condensed consolidated
financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.

Except as described above, there have been no material changes to our market risk exposures during the six months
ended June 30, 2025. For quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, refer to Part II, Item 7A,
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2024.
                                                        45                                                         
Table of Contents
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 4.                                                                                                        │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Controls and Procedures                                                                                        │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                                                                   
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer (CEO) and chief financial officer (CFO), has
evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a- 15(e) and 15d-
15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act)), as of the end of the period covered by
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on such evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that as of June 30,
2025, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to
provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules
and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to
our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
                                                                                                                   
  Changes in Internal Control                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management's evaluation
pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting.
                                                                                                                   
   Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures                                                         
                                                                                                                   
In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting,
management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only
reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls
and procedures and internal control over financial reporting must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and
procedures relative to their costs.
                                                        46                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  PART II—OTHER INFORMATION                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 1.                                                                                                        │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Legal Proceedings                                                                                              │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
As a multinational company with a complex and evolving business, we are, and expect to continue to be, subject to
numerous claims, litigation, regulatory, tax, and government inquiries and investigations, and other legal
proceedings in jurisdictions around the world. Although we believe many of these matters are without merit and are
vigorously defending them, we may not be successful. Any litigation to which we are a party may be resolved
adversely or we may be subject to an unfavorable judgment that may not be reversed upon appeal. We may also decide
to settle litigation, disputes, or other legal proceedings in some instances on terms that are unfavorable to us.
In addition, we may become subject to orders or consent decrees imposed by government or regulatory authorities.
Any such developments could cause us to incur substantial costs, expose us to civil and criminal liability
(including liability for our personnel) or penalties (including substantial monetary remedies), interrupt or
require us to change our business practices in a manner materially adverse to our business (including changes to
our products and services or user data practices), result in negative publicity and reputational harm, divert
resources and the time and attention of management from our business, or subject us to other structural or
behavioral remedies that adversely affect our business. We have experienced such outcomes to varying degrees in the
past, and we expect to continue to face a challenging litigation and regulatory environment, including in light of
complex and evolving laws and regulations, as well as the scale of our business and the size of our user and
advertiser base.

Over the last several years, the number and potential significance of the litigation and investigations involving
the company have increased, and there can be no assurance that this trend will not continue. For example, we are
facing numerous cases in the United States in which plaintiffs are attempting to avoid or limit the application of
Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act to their claims and certain of those matters have survived motions to
dismiss, including through the use of products liability theories. Outside of the United States, we are subject to
new regulatory regimes, including the Digital Services Act, Digital Markets Act, EU AI Act and similar statutes in
non-EU countries such as the UK Digital Markets, Competition and Consumer Act, and new fining guidelines under
existing regulatory regimes like the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We are facing inquiries and
investigations regarding various aspects of our regulatory compliance, as well as private litigation in Europe,
including class and mass actions, claiming damages (including for loss of control of data without other damage)
and/or injunctions in respect of alleged failings to comply with such regulatory requirements. We are also
responding to litigation and government investigations related to our alleged role in causing or contributing to
various societal harms, including mental and physical health and safety impacts on users, particularly younger
users, child and adult sexual exploitation, illegal activity with respect to drugs, fraud, unlawful discrimination,
and other harms potentially impacting large numbers of people. This is in addition to significant tax, competition
and antitrust, stockholder, commercial, consumer, intellectual property, and privacy litigation and investigations.
Furthermore, as the number of our users and amount of our revenue have grown, our potential exposure to substantial
damages awards and fines has increased.

In some instances, particularly with novel legal and factual claims, new regulatory regimes or statutes that have
not previously been enforced, or where the nature or type of enforcement pursued against us is novel, it can be
very difficult to assess the likelihood or extent of potential liabilities, including the nature and extent of
injunctive or other non-monetary relief and the applicability and amount of any potential forfeitures,
disgorgement, fines or penalties. While we have identified below certain matters that we believe to be material,
there can be no assurance that additional material losses or limitations on our activities will not result from
claims that have not yet been asserted or are not yet determined to be material.
                                                                                                                   
  Privacy and Related Matters                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Beginning on March 20, 2018, multiple putative class actions were filed in state and federal courts in the United
States and elsewhere against us and certain of our directors and officers alleging various causes of action in
connection with our platform and user data practices as well as the misuse of certain data by a developer that
shared such data with third parties in violation of our terms and policies, and seeking unspecified damages and
injunctive relief. With respect to the putative class actions alleging fraud and violations of consumer protection,
privacy, and other laws in connection with the same matters, several of the cases brought on behalf of consumers in
the United States were consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California ( In re
Facebook, Inc., Consumer Privacy User Profile Litigation ). On September 9, 2019, the court granted, in part, and
denied, in part, our motion to dismiss the consolidated putative consumer class action. On December 22, 2022, the
parties entered into a settlement agreement to resolve the lawsuit, which provides for a payment of $725 million by
us. The settlement was approved by the court on October 10, 2023, and the payment was made in November 2023. Two
objectors appealed final approval (one of which was voluntarily dismissed as of June 24, 2024). The objection
                                                        47                                                         
Table of Contents
was overruled on February 13, 2025. The objectors' deadline to appeal lapsed on May 14, 2025, rendering the
settlement agreement final. In addition, our platform and user data practices, as well as the events surrounding
the misuse of certain data by a developer, became the subject of U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), state
attorneys general, and other government inquiries in the United States, Europe, and other jurisdictions. We entered
into a settlement and modified consent order to resolve the FTC inquiry, which took effect in April 2020 and
required us to pay a penalty of $5.0 billion and to significantly enhance our practices and processes for privacy
compliance and oversight. The state attorneys general inquiries and litigation and certain government inquiries in
other jurisdictions remain ongoing and could subject us to additional substantial fines and costs, require us to
change our business practices, divert resources and the attention of management from our business, or adversely
affect our business. On June 1, 2023, the court presiding over the lawsuit filed by the District of Columbia
granted our motion for summary judgment, resolving the case in our favor. On June 29, 2023, the District of
Columbia filed a notice of appeal. The appeal was heard on January 30, 2025 and the court has yet to rule. Trial in
the New Mexico Attorney General's case, which has expanded to include various claims related to content moderation
issues, is scheduled to begin on December 1, 2025. On July 16, 2021, a stockholder derivative action was filed in
Delaware Court of Chancery against certain of our directors and officers asserting breach of fiduciary duty and
related claims relating to our historical platform and user data practices, as well as our settlement with the FTC.
On July 20, 2021, other stockholders filed an amended derivative complaint in a related Delaware Chancery Court
action, asserting breach of fiduciary duty and related claims against certain of our current and former directors
and officers in connection with our historical platform and user data practices. On November 4, 2021, the lead
plaintiffs filed a second amended and consolidated complaint in the stockholder derivative action. The pending
consolidated matter is In re Facebook Inc. Derivative Litigation . On January 19, 2022, we filed a motion to
dismiss, which was denied in part on May 10, 2023. The insider trading claim was dismissed as to all defendants
except Mark Zuckerberg, and the motion was denied as to the breach of fiduciary duty claims. Trial began on July
16, 2025. On July 17, 2025, the parties agreed to a settlement in principle to resolve all claims in the action,
which is subject to court approval.

On May 3, 2023, the FTC filed a public administrative proceeding ( In the Matter of Facebook, Inc. ) seeking
substantial changes to the modified consent order, which took effect in April 2020 after its entry by the U.S.
District Court for the District of Columbia. The changes sought by the FTC are set forth in a proposed order and
include, among others, a prohibition on our use of minors' data for any commercial purposes, changes to the
composition of our board of directors, and significant limitations on our ability to modify and launch new
products. On May 31, 2023, we filed a motion before the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia seeking to
enjoin the FTC from further pursuing its agency process to modify the modified consent order. On November 27, 2023,
the district court denied our motion, and we then appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit ( U.S. v. Facebook, Inc. ) and sought to stay the FTC proceeding pending resolution of the appeal.
Our motion for a stay pending appeal was denied in March 2024. After the underlying appeal was briefed and oral
argument was held on November 5, 2024, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit issued its
decision on May 16, 2025, reversing the district court's denial of our motion on jurisdictional grounds, and
directed the district court to consider the merits of our arguments. On July 10, 2025, the case was remanded to the
district court to consider our claims in light of the Court of Appeals' determination that the district court
retains jurisdiction over the entirety of the consent order.

On November 29, 2023, we separately filed a complaint, also in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia
( Meta Platforms, Inc. v. FTC ), asserting constitutional challenges to the structure of the FTC, and seeking to
preliminarily enjoin the FTC proceeding during the pendency of the litigation. On December 13, 2023, the FTC filed
an opposition to our motion for preliminary injunction and a motion to dismiss the complaint. On March 14, 2024,
the district court denied our motion to preliminarily enjoin the FTC proceeding during the pendency of the
litigation, and also denied the FTC's motion to dismiss our complaint without prejudice, pending the U.S. Supreme
Court's decision in SEC v. Jarkesy ( Jarkesy ). Our motion for a stay of the FTC proceeding pending appeal was
denied in March 2024. Both the district court action and the appeal were stayed pending the Supreme Court's
decision in Jarkesy . Following the Supreme Court's ruling in Jarkesy on June 27, 2024, the government filed a
renewed motion to dismiss, which was fully briefed as of October 18, 2024. On June 10, 2025, we filed a motion to
stay the constitutional proceeding for 90 days in light of the Court of Appeals' May 16, 2025 decision in the
jurisdictional case. On June 29, 2025, the district court in the constitutional proceeding granted our motion to
stay the matter, subject to any further order from that court. The parties are required to file a joint status
report in the constitutional proceeding on or before September 2, 2025.

On April 1, 2024, we filed our response to the FTC's Order to Show Cause, arguing, among other things, that the
Order to Show Cause proceeding was legally improper. Per FTC orders, we completed briefing on threshold legal
issues on July 18, 2024, and the FTC held oral argument before the Commissioners on those issues on November 12,
2024. On January 10, 2025, the Commission issued a decision on certain threshold legal issues, including that the
Commission has statutory authority to modify consent orders. The Commission stated that its decision is subject to
Meta's jurisdictional challenges then
                                                        48                                                         
Table of Contents
pending before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit in U.S. v. Facebook, Inc. , and that
the nature and scope of any further administrative proceedings would be addressed at a later date. On July 30,
2025, the Commission issued an order staying the Order to Show Cause proceeding pending final resolution of the two
judicial cases we filed challenging the proceeding. Through the administrative process, the FTC could amend the
order to impose the additional requirements set forth in the proposed order. We should have the opportunity to
appeal an FTC decision modifying the order and could request the appellate court to stay the enforcement of the
modifications to the order while the appeal is pending. It is unclear whether the appeal or the request for a stay
would be successful.

We also notify the Irish Data Protection Commission (IDPC), our lead European Union privacy regulator under the
GDPR, of certain other personal data breaches and privacy issues, issue similar notifications to European
regulators under other laws (such as UK GDPR and Member State implementations of the ePrivacy Directive), and are
subject to inquiries and investigations by the IDPC and other European regulators regarding various aspects of our
regulatory compliance. For example, the IDPC is continuing to assess the compliance of our "subscription for no
ads" consent model with requirements under the GDPR. In addition, on May 12, 2023, the IDPC issued a Final Decision
concluding that Meta Platforms Ireland's reliance on Standard Contractual Clauses in respect of certain transfers
of European Economic Area (EEA) Facebook user data was not in compliance with the GDPR. The IDPC issued an
administrative fine of EUR €1.2 billion as well as corrective orders requiring Meta Platforms Ireland to suspend
the relevant transfers and to bring its processing operations into compliance with Chapter V GDPR by ceasing the
unlawful processing, including storage, of such data in the United States. We are appealing this Final Decision and
it is currently subject to an interim stay from the Irish High Court. On October 7, 2022, President Biden signed
the Executive Order on Enhancing Safeguards for United States Signals Intelligence Activities (E.O.), and on June
30, 2023, the European Union and the three additional countries making up the EEA were designated by the United
States Attorney General as a "qualifying state" under Section 3(f) of the E.O. On July 10, 2023, the European
Commission adopted an adequacy decision in relation to the United States. The adequacy decision concludes that the
United States ensures an adequate level of protection for personal data transferred from the European Union to
organizations in the United States that are included in the "Data Privacy Framework List," maintained and made
publicly available by the United States Department of Commerce pursuant to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework
(EU-U.S. DPF). The implementation of the EU-U.S. DPF and the adequacy decision are important and welcome
milestones, and we have implemented steps to comply with the above corrective orders following engagement with the
IDPC. For additional information, see Part II, Item 1A, "Risk Factors—Our business is subject to complex and
evolving U.S. and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy, data use, data combination, data protection,
content, competition, youth, safety, consumer protection, advertising, e-commerce, and other matters" in this
Quarterly Report on Form 10‑Q. Any such inquiries or investigations (including the IDPC proceedings) could subject
us to substantial fines and costs, require us to change our business practices, divert resources and the attention
of management from our business, lead to additional claims from users, or adversely affect our business.

Beginning on June 7, 2021, multiple putative class actions were filed against us alleging that we improperly
received individuals' information from third-party websites or apps via our business tools in violation of our
terms and various state and federal laws and seeking unspecified damages and injunctive relief (for example, In re
Meta Pixel Healthcare Litigation; In re Meta Pixel Tax Filing Cases; Frasco v. Flo Health, Inc.; Doe v. Hey Favor,
Inc. et al.; Doe v. GoodRx Holdings, Inc. et al. in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of
California; and Rickwalder, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc. in the Santa Clara County Superior Court). These cases
are in different stages, but several of our motions to dismiss have been denied in whole or in part, while certain
others have been granted in whole or in part. In Rickwalder , the Superior Court denied plaintiffs' motion for
class certification and the plaintiffs have filed a notice of appeal of that decision. Trial for the Flo Health
case began on July 21, 2025 and is expected to conclude by early August 2025.
                                                                                                                   
  Competition                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
We are subject to various litigation and government inquiries and investigations, formal or informal, by
competition authorities in the United States, Europe, and other jurisdictions. Such investigations, inquiries, and
lawsuits concern, among other things, our business practices in the areas of social networking or social media
services, digital advertising, and/or mobile or online applications, as well as our acquisitions. For example, in
2019 we became the subject of antitrust investigations by the FTC and U.S. Department of Justice. On December 9,
2020, the FTC filed a complaint ( FTC v. Meta Platforms, Inc. ) against us in the U.S. District Court for the
District of Columbia alleging that we engaged in anticompetitive conduct and unfair methods of competition in
violation of Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act and Section 2 of the Sherman Act, including by acquiring
Instagram in 2012 and WhatsApp in 2014 and by maintaining conditions on access to our platform. The FTC sought a
permanent injunction against our company's alleged violations of the antitrust laws, and other equitable relief,
including divestiture or reconstruction of Instagram and WhatsApp. On June 28, 2021, the court
                                                        49                                                         
Table of Contents
granted our motion to dismiss the complaint filed by the FTC with leave to amend. On August 19, 2021, the FTC filed
an amended complaint, and on October 4, 2021, we filed a motion to dismiss this amended complaint. On January 11,
2022, the court denied our motion to dismiss the FTC's amended complaint. On April 5, 2024, we filed our motion for
summary judgment and the FTC filed its opposition and its own motion for partial summary judgment on May 24, 2024.
On November 13, 2024, the court granted in part and denied in part both our and the FTC's motions for summary
judgment. Trial began on April 14, 2025 and concluded on May 27, 2025. Post-trial briefing is expected to conclude
on September 10, 2025 and the court is expected to issue a decision in the second half of 2025 or later. Multiple
putative class actions have also been filed in state and federal courts in the United States and in the United
Kingdom against us alleging violations of antitrust laws and other causes of action in connection with these
acquisitions and/or other alleged anticompetitive conduct, and seeking damages and injunctive relief. Several of
the cases brought on behalf of certain advertisers and users in the United States were consolidated in the U.S.
District Court for the Northern District of California ( Klein et al., v. Meta Platforms, Inc. ). On January 14,
2022, the court granted, in part, and denied, in part, our motion to dismiss the consolidated actions. On March 1,
2022, a first amended consolidated complaint was filed in the putative class action brought on behalf of certain
advertisers. On December 6, 2022, the court denied our motion to dismiss the first amended consolidated complaint
filed in the putative class action brought on behalf of certain advertisers. On December 30, 2024, we filed our
motion for summary judgment in the putative class action brought on behalf of certain advertisers. On January 24,
2025, the court denied plaintiffs' motion for class certification in the action brought on behalf of users and has
scheduled trial on an individual basis.

In December 2022, the European Commission issued a Statement of Objections alleging that we tie Facebook
Marketplace to Facebook and use data in a manner that infringes European Union competition rules. On November 18,
2024, the European Commission issued a decision that Meta infringed Article 102 on the Treaty of the Functioning of
the European Union in relation to certain alleged business practices relating to Facebook Marketplace and imposed a
fine of approximately EUR €798 million. We appealed the European Commission's decision on January 28, 2025.

In March 2024, the European Commission opened an investigation into the compliance of our "subscription for no ads"
consent model with requirements under Article 5(2) of the Digital Markets Act (DMA). The European Commission issued
preliminary findings on July 1, 2024 reflecting its preliminary view that our model does not comply with such
requirements. In April 2025, the European Commission issued a final decision that our "subscription for no ads"
model does not comply with such requirements and imposed a fine of EUR €200 million. Based on feedback from the
European Commission in connection with the DMA, we launched less personalized ads (LPA) in November 2024 and made
significant modifications to LPA since the European Commission issued its final decision. We appealed the European
Commission's decision on July 4, 2025, but cannot rule out that further fines or modifications to our model may be
imposed during the appeal process, which could result in a materially worse user experience for European users and
a significant impact to our European business and revenue as early as later in the third quarter of 2025.

The result of such litigation, investigations or inquiries could subject us to substantial monetary remedies and
costs, interrupt or require us to change our business practices, divert resources and the attention of management
from our business, or subject us to other structural or behavioral remedies that adversely affect our business.
                                                                                                                   
  Securities and Other Actions                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Beginning on March 20, 2018, multiple putative class actions and derivative actions were filed in state and federal
courts in the United States and elsewhere against us and certain of our directors and officers alleging violations
of securities laws, breach of fiduciary duties, and other causes of action in connection with our platform and user
data practices as well as the misuse of certain data by a developer that shared such data with third parties in
violation of our terms and policies, and seeking unspecified damages and injunctive relief. Beginning on July 27,
2018, two putative class actions were filed in federal court in the United States against us and certain of our
directors and officers alleging violations of securities laws in connection with the disclosure of our earnings
results for the second quarter of 2018 and seeking unspecified damages. These two actions subsequently were
transferred and consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California ( In Re Facebook,
Inc. Securities Litigation ) with the putative securities class action described above relating to our platform and
user data practices. In a series of orders in 2019 and 2020, the district court granted our motions to dismiss the
plaintiffs' claims. On January 17, 2022, the plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal of the order dismissing their
case, and on October 18, 2023, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit issued its decision affirming in
part and reversing in part the district court's order dismissing the plaintiffs' case. We filed a petition for writ
of certiorari on March 4, 2024 with the U.S. Supreme Court, seeking review of the Ninth Circuit's order. The
Supreme Court granted in part our petition for writ of certiorari on June 10, 2024, and following oral argument
issued an order on November 22, 2024 dismissing the grant of certiorari as
                                                        50                                                         
Table of Contents
improvidently granted. On January 24, 2025, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit returned the case to
the district court. On July 1, 2025, the plaintiffs filed a fourth amended complaint.

We are also subject to other government inquiries and investigations relating to our business activities and
disclosure practices. For example, beginning in September 2021, we became subject to government investigations and
requests relating to a former employee's allegations and release of internal company documents concerning, among
other things, our algorithms, advertising and user metrics, and content enforcement practices, as well as
misinformation and other undesirable activity on our platform, and user well-being. We have since received
additional requests relating to these and other topics. Beginning on October 27, 2021, multiple putative class
actions and derivative actions were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California
against us and certain of our directors and officers alleging violations of securities laws, breach of fiduciary
duties, and other causes of action in connection with the same matters, and seeking unspecified damages ( Ohio Pub.
Empl. Ret. Sys. v. Meta Platforms, Inc .). On September 30, 2024, the court dismissed certain claims with leave to
amend, but determined certain claims regarding content enforcement practices and user well-being could proceed
against us and certain of our current and former directors and officers.

On March 8, 2022, a putative class action was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of
California against us and certain of our directors and officers alleging violations of securities laws in
connection with the disclosure of our earnings results for the fourth quarter of 2021 and seeking unspecified
damages ( Plumbers & Steamfitters Local 60 Pension Trust v. Meta Platforms, Inc. ). On July 18, 2023, the court
dismissed the claims against Meta and its officers with leave to amend. On September 18, 2023, the plaintiffs filed
an amended complaint and on September 17, 2024, the court dismissed the claims with prejudice. On October 14, 2024,
plaintiffs filed their notice of appeal. The appeal is fully briefed.
                                                                                                                   
  Youth-Related Actions                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
Beginning in January 2022, we became subject to litigation and other proceedings that were filed in various federal
and state courts alleging that Facebook and Instagram cause "social media addiction" in users, with most
proceedings focused on those under 18 years old, resulting in various mental health and other harms. Putative class
actions have been filed in the United States, Brazil, and Canada on behalf of users in those jurisdictions, and
numerous school districts, municipalities, and tribal nations have filed public nuisance claims in the United
States, Brazil, and/or Canada based on similar allegations. On October 6, 2022, the U.S. federal cases were
centralized in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California ( In re Social Media Adolescent
Addiction Product Liability Personal Injury Litigation ). Beginning in March 2023, U.S. states and territories
began filing lawsuits on these topics in various federal and state courts. These additional lawsuits include
allegations regarding violations of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), child sexual abuse
material and other child safety concerns, as well as violations of state consumer protection laws, unfair business
practices, public nuisance, and products liability, with proceedings focused on our alleged business practices
(including the use of end-to-end encryption) and harms to users under 18 years old. These lawsuits seek damages and
injunctive relief, and include cases filed by various state attorneys general in In re Social Media Adolescent
Addiction Product Liability Personal Injury Litigation in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of
California, as well as various state courts around the country. The first group of personal injury cases is
currently set for trial beginning on November 19, 2025 in Judicial Council Coordination Proceeding No. 5255 pending
in Los Angeles County California Superior Court. Trial in the first of the state attorneys general cases is
currently scheduled to begin on February 2, 2026 in the First Judicial District Court of New Mexico, in a case
brought by the New Mexico Attorney General. Trials in other state attorneys general cases are currently scheduled
or expected to be scheduled in the second half of 2026. The first trial in the multidistrict litigation ( In re
Social Media Adolescent Addiction Product Liability Personal Injury Litigation ) is anticipated to be scheduled
beginning in summer 2026. In addition, beginning in November 2024, counsel for tens of thousands of individual
claimants began sending mass arbitration demands relating to "social media addiction" and related harms allegedly
caused by Instagram.

We are also subject to government investigations and requests from multiple regulators in various jurisdictions
globally concerning the use of our products and services, and the alleged mental and physical health and safety
impacts on users, particularly younger users. On May 16, 2024, the European Commission opened formal proceedings
assessing our compliance with certain requirements under Articles 28, 34, and 35 of the Digital Services Act (DSA),
including the way in which we identified, assessed, and mitigated against certain systemic risks to minors and
other vulnerable users that may stem from the design and functioning of Instagram and Facebook.
                                                                                                                   
  Other Actions                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
Beginning on August 15, 2018, multiple putative class actions were filed against us alleging that we inflated our
                                                        51                                                         
Table of Contents
estimates of the potential audience size for advertisements, resulting in artificially increased demand and higher
prices. The cases were consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California ( DZ Reserve
v. Facebook, Inc. ) and seek unspecified damages and injunctive relief. In a series of rulings in 2019, 2021, and
2022, the court dismissed certain of the plaintiffs' claims, but permitted their fraud and unfair competition
claims to proceed. On March 29, 2022, the court granted the plaintiffs' motion for class certification. On March
21, 2024, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit affirmed in part and reversed in part the order granting
class certification. On May 3, 2024, we filed a petition for panel rehearing and rehearing en banc, which was
denied by the Ninth Circuit. We filed a petition for a writ of certiorari with the U.S. Supreme Court on October 2,
2024, which was denied. Trial is scheduled to begin on October 14, 2025.

Beginning on July 7, 2023, multiple cases, including putative class actions, were filed against us in the United
States and elsewhere, alleging that we improperly acquired, distributed, and used various copyrighted books and
materials to train our artificial intelligence models and seeking unspecified damages and injunctive relief. The
cases in the United States, which were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (
Kadrey, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc., Chabon, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc. and Farnsworth v. Meta Platforms,
Inc. ) and U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York ( Huckabee, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc. et
al. , which was subsequently transferred to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California), have
been consolidated into Kadrey, et al. v. Meta Platforms, Inc . Motions for summary judgment were heard in this case
on May 1, 2025, including on the issue of the applicability of the fair use defense to use of copyrighted books for
generative AI model training. On June 25, 2025, the court granted our motion for summary judgment on fair use as to
the named plaintiffs in the case. The parties will proceed to brief the remaining claim of copyright infringement
due to alleged distribution of books to third parties during the downloading process.

In the first quarter of 2024, the U.S. Supreme Court heard argument in Vivek H. Murthy, Surgeon General, et al. v.
Missouri, et al. , on the question of whether federal government officials violated the First Amendment in their
communications with the company and others related to content moderation practices, and heard argument in
Netchoice, et al. v. Paxton and Moody, et al. v. Netchoice et al. , regarding the application of the First
Amendment relating to content moderation on tech platforms. As to Murthy , a majority of the Supreme Court decided
the case on plaintiffs' standing, declining to rule on the First Amendment questions, and sending the case back
down to the lower courts where the case continues. As to NetChoice , the Supreme Court unanimously vacated the
intermediate appellate court decisions, remanding the cases back to the lower courts. Although we are not a party
in these actions, the ultimate resolution of the lawsuits and similar others still pending in the federal courts
could impact our business.

On April 30, 2024, the European Commission opened formal proceedings against us to assess Facebook and Instagram's
compliance with certain requirements under Articles 14, 16, 17, 20, 24, 25, 34, 35, and 40 of the DSA, regarding a
range of topics including elections, content reporting and appeals, third-party access to data, political content
recommendations, potential deceptive advertising and disinformation, including the way in which we identified,
assessed, and mitigated against certain systemic risks on Instagram and Facebook. We are also responding to
regulatory inquiries and litigation related to allegedly deceptive advertising, including but not limited to
financial scams, in other parts of the world.

On September 18, 2024, staff of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB or Bureau) initiated a Notice and
Opportunity to Respond and Advise (NORA) process related to its investigation of advertising for financial products
and services on our platform, informing us that staff may recommend to the Director of the CFPB that the Bureau
take legal action alleging violations of the Consumer Financial Protection Act, including based on our alleged
receipt and use for advertising of financial information from third parties through certain advertising tools as
well as our related user disclosures and controls, and provided us with an opportunity to respond. We disagree with
the claims staff is considering and believe an enforcement action is unwarranted, and have responded through the
NORA process. The result of the NORA process is uncertain at this time.

In addition, we are subject to litigation and other proceedings involving law enforcement and other regulatory
agencies, including in particular in Brazil, Russia, and other countries in Europe, in order to ascertain the
precise scope of our legal obligations to comply with the requests of those agencies, including our obligation to
disclose user information in particular circumstances. A number of such instances have resulted in the assessment
of fines and penalties against us. We believe we have multiple legal grounds to satisfy these requests or prevail
against associated fines and penalties, and we intend to vigorously defend such fines and penalties.

We are also party to various other legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory, tax or government inquiries and
investigations that arise in the ordinary course of business, and we expect to be subject to additional legal
proceedings and disputes in the future.
                                                        52                                                         
Table of Contents
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 1A.                                                                                                       │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Risk Factors                                                                                                   │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, in addition to other information
contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including our condensed consolidated financial statements and
related notes. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and
uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important
factors that adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial
condition, results of operations, and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event,
the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment.
                                                                                                                   
  Summary Risk Factors                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
Our business is subject to a number of risks, including risks that may prevent us from achieving our business
objectives or may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and
prospects. These risks are discussed more fully below and include, but are not limited to, risks related to:
                                                                                                                   
  Risks Related to Our Product Offerings                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
• our ability to add and retain users and maintain levels of user engagement with our products;

• the loss of, or reduction in spending by, our marketers;

• reduced availability of data signals used by our ad targeting and measurement tools;

• ineffective operation with mobile operating systems or changes in our relationships with mobile operating system
partners;

• failure of our new products, or changes to our existing products, to attract or retain users or generate revenue;

Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Financial Results

• our ability to compete effectively;

• fluctuations in our financial results;

• unfavorable media coverage and other risks affecting our ability to maintain and enhance our brands;

• our ability to build, maintain, and scale our technical infrastructure, and risks associated with disruptions in
our service, catastrophic events, and crises;

• operating our business in multiple countries around the world;

• litigation, including class action lawsuits;

• acquisitions and our ability to successfully integrate our acquisitions;

Risks Related to Government Regulation and Enforcement

• government restrictions on access to Facebook or our other products, or other actions that impair our ability to
sell or deliver advertising, in their countries;

• complex and evolving U.S. and foreign privacy, data use, data combination, data protection, content and content
moderation, competition, youth, safety, consumer protection, advertising, and other laws and regulations, including
the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Digital Markets Act (DMA), Digital Services Act (DSA), Artificial
Intelligence Act (EU AI Act), and the UK Digital Markets, Competition and Consumer Act (DMCC);

• the impact of government investigations, enforcement actions, and settlements, including litigation and
investigations by privacy, consumer protection, and competition authorities, among others;
                                                        53                                                         
Table of Contents
• our ability to comply with regulatory and legislative privacy requirements, including our consent order with the
Federal Trade Commission (FTC);

Risks Related to Data, Security, Platform Integrity, and Intellectual Property

• the occurrence of security breaches, improper access to or disclosure of our data or user data, and other cyber
incidents, as well as intentional misuse of our services and other undesirable activity on our platform;

• our ability to obtain, maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property rights; and

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock

• limitations on the ability of holders of our Class A Common Stock to influence corporate matters due to the dual
class structure of our common stock and the control of a majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital
stock by our founder, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer (CEO).
                                                                                                                   
                                      Risks Related to Our Product Offerings                                       
                                                                                                                   
If we fail to retain existing users or add new users, or if our users decrease their level of engagement with our
products, our revenue, financial results, and business may be significantly harmed.

The size of our active user base and our users' level of engagement across our products are critical to our
success. Our financial performance has been and will continue to be significantly determined by our success in
adding, retaining, and engaging active users of our products that deliver ad impressions, particularly for Facebook
and Instagram. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, fluctuations and declines in the size of
our active user base in one or more markets from time to time, particularly in markets where we have achieved
higher penetration rates. User growth and engagement are also impacted by a number of other factors, including
competitive products and services, such as TikTok, that have reduced some users' engagement with our products and
services, as well as global and regional business, macroeconomic, and geopolitical conditions. For example, the
COVID-19 pandemic led to increases and decreases in the size and engagement of our active user base from period to
period at different points during the pandemic. In addition, in connection with the war in Ukraine, access to
Facebook and Instagram was restricted in Russia and these services were then prohibited by the Russian government,
which contributed to slight decreases in the size of our active user base following the onset of the war. Any
future declines in the size of our active user base may adversely impact our ability to deliver ad impressions and,
in turn, our financial performance.

If people do not perceive our products to be useful, reliable, and trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or
retain users or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement. A number of other
social networking companies that achieved early popularity have since seen their active user bases or levels of
engagement decline, in some cases precipitously. There is no guarantee that we will not experience a similar
erosion of our active user base or engagement levels. Our user engagement patterns have changed over time, and user
engagement can be difficult to measure, particularly as we and our competitors introduce new and different products
and services. Any number of factors can negatively affect user retention, growth, and engagement, including if:

• users increasingly engage with other competitive products or services;

• we fail to introduce new features, products, or services that users find engaging or if we introduce new products
or services, or make changes to existing products and services, that are not favorably received;

• users feel that their experience is diminished as a result of the decisions we make with respect to the
frequency, prominence, format, size, and quality of ads that we display;

• users have difficulty installing, updating, or otherwise accessing our products on mobile devices as a result of
actions by us or third parties that we rely on to distribute our products and deliver our services;

• user behavior on any of our products changes, including decreases in the quality and frequency of content shared
on our products and services;

• we are unable to continue to develop products for mobile devices that users find engaging, that work with a
variety of mobile operating systems and networks, and that achieve a high level of market acceptance;
                                                        54                                                         
Table of Contents
• there are decreases in user sentiment due to questions about the quality or usefulness of our products or our
user data practices, concerns about the nature of content made available on our products, or concerns related to
privacy, safety, security, well-being, or other factors;

• we are unable to manage and prioritize information to ensure users are presented with content that is
appropriate, interesting, useful, and relevant to them;

• we are unable to obtain or attract engaging third-party content;

• we are unable to successfully maintain or grow usage of and engagement with applications that integrate with our
products;

• users adopt new technologies where our products may be displaced in favor of other products or services, or may
not be featured or otherwise available;

• there are changes mandated by legislation, government and regulatory authorities, or litigation that adversely
affect our products or users;

• we are unable to offer a number of our most significant products and services, including Facebook and Instagram,
in Europe, or are otherwise limited in our business operations, as a result of European courts invalidating the
EU-U.S. DPF or regulators, courts, or legislative bodies determining that the legal bases we rely upon to transfer
user data from the European Union to the United States are invalid;

• there is decreased engagement with our products, decreased efficiency of our advertising products, or failure to
accept our terms of service, as part of changes that we have implemented or may implement in the future, whether
voluntarily, in connection with the GDPR, the European Union's ePrivacy Directive, the DMA, the DSA, the DMCC, U.S.
state privacy laws including the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act
(CCPA), youth social media laws, or other laws, regulations, or regulatory actions, or otherwise;

• technical or other problems prevent us from delivering our products in a rapid and reliable manner or otherwise
affect the user experience, such as security breaches or failure to prevent or limit spam or otherwise
objectionable content, or users feel their experience is diminished as a result of our efforts to protect the
security and integrity of our platform;

• we adopt terms, policies, or procedures related to areas such as sharing, content, user data, or advertising, or
we take, or fail to take, actions to enforce our policies, that result in our removal of users from our platform or
are perceived negatively by our users or the general public, including as a result of decisions or recommendations
from the independent Oversight Board regarding content on our platform;

• we elect to focus our product decisions on longer-term initiatives that do not prioritize near-term user growth
and engagement (for example, we have announced plans to focus product decisions on optimizing the young adult
experience in the long term);
• we make changes in our user account login or registration processes or changes in how we promote different
products and services across our family of products;
• initiatives designed to attract and retain users and engagement, including the use of evolving technologies such
as generative artificial intelligence, are unsuccessful or discontinued, whether as a result of actions by us, our
competitors, or other third parties, or otherwise;

• third-party initiatives that may enable greater use of our products, including low-cost or discounted data plans,
are scaled back or discontinued, or the pricing of data plans otherwise increases;

• there is decreased engagement with our products as a result of taxes imposed on the use of social media or other
mobile applications in certain countries, internet shutdowns, or other actions by governments that affect the
accessibility of our products in their countries (for example, beginning in the first quarter of 2022, our user
growth and engagement were adversely affected by the war in Ukraine and service restrictions imposed by the Russian
government);

• we fail to provide adequate customer service to users, marketers, developers, or other partners;
                                                        55                                                         
Table of Contents
• we, developers whose products are integrated with our products, or other partners and companies in our industry
are the subject of adverse media reports or other negative publicity, including as a result of our or their user
data practices; or

• our current or future products, such as our development tools and application programming interfaces that enable
developers to build, grow, and monetize applications, reduce user activity on our products by making it easier for
our users to interact and share on third-party applications.

From time to time, certain of these factors have negatively affected user retention, growth, and engagement to
varying degrees. If we are unable to maintain or increase our user base and user engagement, particularly for our
significant revenue-generating products like Facebook and Instagram, our revenue and financial results may be
adversely affected. Any significant decrease in user retention, growth, or engagement could render our products
less attractive to users, marketers, and developers, which is likely to have a material and adverse impact on our
ability to deliver ad impressions and, accordingly, our revenue, business, financial condition, and results of
operations. As the size of our active user base fluctuates in one or more markets from time to time, we will become
increasingly dependent on our ability to maintain or increase levels of user engagement and monetization in order
to grow revenue.

We generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising. The loss of marketers, or reduction in spending by
marketers, could seriously harm our business.

Substantially all of our revenue is currently generated from marketers advertising on Facebook and Instagram. As is
common in the industry, our marketers do not have long-term advertising commitments with us. Many of our marketers
spend only a relatively small portion of their overall advertising budget with us. Marketers will not continue to
do business with us, or they will reduce the budgets they are willing to commit to us, if we do not deliver ads in
an effective manner, if they do not believe that their investment in advertising with us will generate a
competitive return relative to other alternatives, or if they are not satisfied for any other reason. We have
implemented, and we will continue to implement, changes to our user data practices. Some of these changes reduce
our ability to effectively target ads, which has to some extent adversely affected, and will continue to adversely
affect, our advertising business. If we are unable to provide marketers with a suitable return on investment, the
demand for our ads may not increase, or may decline, in which case our revenue and financial results may be harmed.

Our advertising revenue can also be adversely affected by a number of other factors, including:

• decreases in user engagement, including time spent on our products;

• our inability to continue to increase user access to and engagement with our products;

• product changes or inventory management decisions we may make that change the size, format, frequency, or
relative prominence of ads displayed on our products or of other unpaid content shared by marketers on our
products;

• our inability to maintain or increase marketer demand, the pricing of our ads, or both;

• our inability to maintain or increase the quantity or quality of ads shown to users;

• changes to the content or application of third-party policies that limit our ability to deliver, target, or
measure the effectiveness of advertising, including changes by mobile operating system and browser providers such
as Apple and Google;

• adverse litigation, government actions, or legislative, regulatory, or other legal developments relating to
advertising, including developments that may impact certain advertisers' ability to advertise on our platform or
our ability to deliver, target, or measure the effectiveness of advertising;

• user behavior or product changes that may reduce traffic to features or products that we monetize at a higher
rate, such as our Feed and Stories products, including as a result of increased usage of our Reels or other video
or messaging products;

• reductions of advertising due to our efforts to implement or enforce advertising policies that protect the
security and integrity of our platform or that we believe are needed to comply with global content, security, or
integrity obligations;
                                                        56                                                         
Table of Contents
• the availability, accuracy, utility, and security of analytics and measurement solutions offered by us or third
parties that demonstrate the value of our ads to marketers, or our ability to further improve such tools;

• loss of advertising market share to our competitors, including if prices to purchase our ads increase or if
competitors offer lower priced, more integrated, or otherwise more effective products;

• limitations on our ability to offer a number of our most significant products and services, including Facebook
and Instagram, in Europe as a result of European courts invalidating the EU-U.S. DPF or regulators, courts, or
legislative bodies determining that the legal bases we rely upon to transfer user data from the European Union to
the United States are invalid;

• limitations on our ability to deliver ads to users under the age of 18 and, in some cases, to continue to offer
certain products or services to certain cohorts of users, whether voluntarily, as a result of new laws,
regulations, or government actions in the United States and other jurisdictions, or otherwise;

• changes in our marketing and sales or other operations that we are required to or elect to make as a result of
risks related to complying with laws or regulatory requirements or other government actions;

• decisions by marketers to reduce their advertising as a result of announcements by us or adverse media reports or
other negative publicity involving us, our user data practices, our advertising metrics or tools, content on our
products, our interpretation, implementation, or enforcement of policies relating to content on our products
(including as a result of decisions or recommendations from the independent Oversight Board), developers with
applications that are integrated with our products, or other companies in our industry;

• reductions of advertising by marketers due to illegal, illicit, or otherwise objectionable content made available
on our products by third parties, questions about our user data practices or the security of our platform, concerns
about brand safety or potential legal liability, or uncertainty regarding regulatory developments or their own
legal and compliance obligations, including with respect to artificial intelligence;

• the effectiveness of our ad targeting or degree to which users consent to, opt out of, or reduce the use of data
for ads, including as a result of product changes and controls that we have implemented or may implement in the
future in connection with the GDPR, ePrivacy Directive, DMA, DMCC, U.S. state privacy laws including the CCPA, and
other laws, regulations, regulatory actions, or litigation, or otherwise, that impact our ability to use data for
advertising purposes (for example, in response to regulatory developments in Europe, we began offering our users a
"subscription for no ads" alternative in the European Union, European Economic Area, and Switzerland, and
subsequently in November 2024 provided users in those regions who elect to continue receiving our services free-of-
charge, supported by ads, an option to see less personalized ads);

• the degree to which users cease or reduce the number of times they engage with our ads;

• changes in the way advertising on mobile devices or on personal computers is measured or priced;

• the success of technologies designed to block the display of ads or ad measurement tools;

• changes in the composition of our marketer base or our inability to maintain or grow our marketer base; and

• the impact of macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, whether in the advertising industry in general, or among
specific types of marketers or within particular geographies, which in turn can have broader effects in other
regions (for example, the war in Ukraine and service restrictions imposed by the Russian government have adversely
affected our advertising business in Europe and other regions, and advertiser spending also is subject to adverse
effects from conflicts in the Middle East and the implementation of tariffs or other existing or future trade
policies by the United States, China, and other governments).

From time to time, certain of these factors have adversely affected our advertising revenue to varying degrees. The
occurrence of any of these or other factors in the future, including our enforcement efforts, could result in a
reduction in marketer spend or demand for our ads, which may reduce the prices we receive for our ads, could cause
marketers to stop advertising with us altogether, or could otherwise negatively affect our revenue and financial
results, and could be material.
                                                        57                                                         
Table of Contents
Our ad targeting and measurement tools incorporate data signals from user activity on websites and services that we
do not control, as well as signals generated within our products, and changes to the regulatory environment, third-
party mobile operating systems and browsers, and our own products have impacted, and we expect will continue to
impact, the availability of such signals, which will adversely affect our advertising revenue.

Our ad targeting and measurement tools rely on data signals from user activity on websites and services that we do
not control, as well as signals generated within our products, in order to deliver relevant and effective ads to
our users, and any changes in our ability to use such signals will adversely affect our business. For example,
legislative and regulatory developments, such as the GDPR, ePrivacy Directive, DMA, and U.S. state privacy laws,
including the CCPA, have impacted, and we expect will continue to impact, our ability to use such signals in our ad
products. In particular, we have seen increases in the number of users opting to control certain types of ad
targeting in Europe following product changes implemented in connection with our GDPR and ePrivacy Directive
compliance, and we have introduced product changes that limit data signal use for certain users in California
following adoption of the CCPA. A number of U.S. state privacy laws, including those in Colorado, Oregon, and
Texas, have introduced additional rights for users and could result in restrictions on our use of signals from
third-party apps and websites through certain browser- and device-based universal opt-out mechanisms. Judicial and
regulatory guidance, decisions, or enforcement actions, or new legislation in these or other jurisdictions may
require us to make additional changes to our products in the future that further reduce our ability to use these
signals, which has occurred in the past. For example, in response to regulatory developments in Europe, we
announced plans to change the legal basis for behavioral advertising on Facebook and Instagram in the European
Union, European Economic Area, and Switzerland from "legitimate interests" to "consent," and in November 2023 we
began offering users in the region a "subscription for no ads" alternative. We are engaging with regulators on our
consent model, including regarding compliance with requirements under the GDPR, DMA, and EU consumer laws. For
example, in March 2024, the European Commission opened formal proceedings regarding the compliance of our
"subscription for no ads" model with requirements under the DMA, and it issued preliminary findings in July 2024.
In addition, the European Data Protection Board has published an opinion on the operation of such models under GDPR
and European consumer protection organizations have raised concerns regarding our compliance with consumer
protection laws. In response to these developments, in November 2024, we began offering users in the European
Union, European Economic Area, and Switzerland who elect to continue using our services free-of-charge, supported
by ads, an option to see less personalized ads (LPA), which are less relevant and effective than our premium ad
offerings. In April 2025, the European Commission issued a final decision that our "subscription for no ads" model
does not comply with such requirements. We made significant modifications to LPA since the European Commission
issued its final decision. We have appealed the European Commission's decision but cannot rule out that further
modifications to our model may be imposed during the appeal process, which could result in a materially worse user
experience for European users and a significant impact to our European business and revenue as early as later in
the third quarter of 2025.

In addition, mobile operating system and browser providers, such as Apple and Google, have implemented product
changes and/or announced plans to limit the ability of websites and application developers to collect and use these
signals to target and measure advertising. For example, in 2021, Apple made certain changes to its products and
data use policies in connection with changes to its iOS operating system that reduce our and other iOS developers'
ability to target and measure advertising, which has negatively impacted, and we expect will continue to negatively
impact, the size of the budgets marketers are willing to commit to us and other advertising platforms. In addition,
we have implemented, and may continue to implement, product changes that give users the ability to limit our use of
such data signals to improve ads and other experiences on our products and services, including changes implemented
in connection with the GDPR, ePrivacy Directive, DMA, and other regulatory frameworks.

These developments have limited our ability to target and measure the effectiveness of ads on our platform and
negatively impacted our advertising revenue. For example, our advertising revenue has been negatively impacted by
marketer reaction to targeting and measurement challenges associated with iOS changes beginning in 2021. If we are
unable to mitigate these developments as they take further effect in the future, our targeting and measurement
capabilities will be materially and adversely affected, which would in turn significantly impact our advertising
revenue.

Our user growth, engagement, and monetization on mobile devices depend upon effective operation with mobile
operating systems, networks, technologies, products, and standards that we do not control.

The substantial majority of our revenue is generated from advertising on mobile devices. There is no guarantee that
popular mobile devices will continue to feature our products, or that mobile device users will continue to use our
products rather than competing products. We are dependent on the interoperability of our products with popular
mobile operating
                                                        58                                                         
Table of Contents
systems, networks, technologies, products, and standards that we do not control, such as the Android and iOS
operating systems and mobile browsers. Changes, bugs, or technical issues in such systems, or changes in our
relationships with mobile operating system partners, handset manufacturers, browser developers, or mobile carriers,
or in the content or application of their terms of service or policies (which they have made in the past and
continue to seek to implement) that degrade our products' functionality, reduce or eliminate our ability to update
or distribute our products, give preferential treatment to competitive products, limit our ability to deliver,
target, or measure the effectiveness of ads, or charge fees related to the distribution of our products or our
delivery of ads have adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, the usage of our products and
monetization on mobile devices. For example, Apple previously released an update to its Safari browser that limits
the use of third-party cookies, which reduces our ability to provide the most relevant ads to our users and impacts
monetization, and also released changes to iOS that limit our ability to target and measure ads effectively, while
expanding their own advertising business. In addition, Google previously proposed phasing out third-party cookies
in its Chrome browser. We expect that any similar changes to Apple's, Google's, or other browser or mobile
platforms will further limit our ability to target and measure the effectiveness of ads and impact monetization.
Additionally, in order to deliver high quality mobile products, it is important that our products work well with a
range of mobile technologies, products, systems, networks, and standards that we do not control, and that we have
good relationships with handset manufacturers, mobile carriers, and browser developers. We may not be successful in
maintaining or developing relationships with key participants in the mobile ecosystem or in developing products
that operate effectively with these technologies, products, systems, networks, or standards. In the event that it
is more difficult for our users to access and use our products on their mobile devices, or if our users choose not
to access or use our products on their mobile devices or use mobile products that do not offer access to our
products, our user growth and user engagement could be harmed. From time to time, we may also take actions
regarding the distribution of our products or the operation of our business based on what we believe to be in our
long-term best interests. Such actions may adversely affect our users and our relationships with the operators of
mobile operating systems, handset manufacturers, mobile carriers, browser developers, other business partners, or
advertisers, and there is no assurance that these actions will result in the anticipated long-term benefits. In the
event that our users are adversely affected by these actions or if our relationships with such third parties
deteriorate, our user growth, engagement, and monetization could be adversely affected and our business could be
harmed. We have experienced challenges in operating with mobile operating systems, networks, technologies,
products, and standards that we do not control, and any such occurrences in the future may negatively impact our
user growth, engagement, and monetization on mobile devices, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our
business and financial results.

Our new products and changes to existing products could fail to attract or retain users or generate revenue and
profits, or otherwise adversely affect our business.

Our ability to retain, increase, and engage our user base and to increase our revenue depends heavily on our
ability to continue to evolve our existing products and to create successful new products, both independently and
in conjunction with developers or other third parties. We may introduce significant changes to our existing
products or acquire or introduce new and unproven products, including using technologies with which we have little
or no prior development or operating experience. For example, we have relatively limited experience with consumer
hardware products and virtual, augmented, and mixed reality technology, which may adversely affect our ability to
successfully develop and market these evolving products and technologies. We are also making significant
investments in artificial intelligence (AI) initiatives across our business. For example, we continue to launch new
AI features on our products, including support for new modalities, conversational AIs, stickers and photos, and
editing tools. We continue to incur substantial costs, and we may not be successful in generating profits, in
connection with these efforts.

In addition, we have invested, and expect to continue to invest, significant resources in growing our messaging
products to support increasing usage of such products. We have historically monetized messaging in only a limited
fashion, and we may not be successful in our efforts to generate meaningful revenue or profits from messaging over
the long term. Our efforts to implement default end-to-end encryption across our personal messaging services on
Facebook and Instagram have been subject to governmental and regulatory scrutiny in multiple jurisdictions. For
example, the Nevada Attorney General is seeking to enjoin our offering of default end-to-end encryption on
Messenger for all Nevada residents under the age of 18.

If our new products or changes to existing products fail to engage users, marketers, or developers, or if our
business plans are unsuccessful, we may fail to attract or retain users or to generate sufficient revenue,
operating margin, or other value to justify our investments, and our business may be adversely affected.
                                                        59                                                         
Table of Contents
We may not be successful in our artificial intelligence initiatives, which could adversely affect our business,
reputation, or financial results.

We are making significant investments in AI initiatives, including generative AI and superintelligence, to, among
other things, recommend relevant content across our products, enhance our advertising tools, develop new products,
and develop new features for existing products. In particular, we expect our AI initiatives will require increased
investment in infrastructure and headcount. If our investments are not successful longer-term, our business and
financial performance could be harmed.

There are significant risks involved in developing and deploying AI and there can be no assurance that the usage of
AI will enhance our products or services or be beneficial to our business, including our efficiency or
profitability. For example, our AI-related efforts, particularly those related to generative AI and
superintelligence, subject us to risks related to harmful or illegal content, accuracy, misinformation and
deepfakes (including related to elections), bias, discrimination, toxicity, consumer protection, intellectual
property infringement or misappropriation, defamation, data privacy, cybersecurity, and sanctions and export
controls, among others. It is also uncertain how various laws related to online services, intermediary liability,
and other issues will apply to content generated by AI. In addition, we are subject to the risks of new or enhanced
governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, or other legal liability, ethical concerns, negative consumer
perceptions as to automation and AI, activities that threaten people's safety or well-being on- or offline, or
other complications that could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results.

As a result of the complexity and rapid development of AI, it is also the subject of evolving review by various
governmental and regulatory agencies in jurisdictions around the world, which are applying, or are considering
applying, platform moderation, intellectual property, cybersecurity, export controls, and data protection laws to
AI and/or are considering general legal frameworks on AI (such as the EU AI Act). We may not always be able to
anticipate how courts and regulators will apply existing laws to AI, predict how new legal frameworks will develop
to address AI, or otherwise respond to these frameworks as they are still rapidly evolving. We may also have to
expend resources to adapt to new legal frameworks, and adjust our offerings in certain jurisdictions if the legal
frameworks on AI are not consistent across jurisdictions.

Further, we face significant competition from other companies that are developing their own AI features and
technologies, including competition from AI features and technologies that may be similar or superior to our
technologies or more cost-effective to develop and deploy. Given the long history of development in the AI sector,
other parties may have (or in the future may obtain) patents or other proprietary rights that would prevent, limit,
or interfere with our ability to make, use, or sell our own AI features. Our AI initiatives also depend on our
access to data to effectively train our models. Further, our ability to continue to develop and effectively deploy
AI technologies is dependent on access to specific third-party equipment and other technical and physical
infrastructure, such as processing hardware, network capacity, computing power, and related energy requirements, as
to which we cannot control the availability or pricing, especially in a highly competitive environment.

We are also developing AI technology that we make available via open source, commercial, and non-commercial license
agreements to third-parties that can use this technology for use in their own products and services. We may not
have insight into, or control over, the practices of third parties who may utilize such AI technologies. As such,
we cannot guarantee that third parties will not use such AI technologies for improper purposes, including through
the dissemination of illegal, inaccurate, defamatory or harmful content, intellectual property infringement or
misappropriation, furthering bias or discrimination, cybersecurity attacks including spear phishing attacks, data
privacy violations, other activities that threaten people's safety or well-being on- or offline, or to develop
competing technologies. While we may mitigate certain risks associated with the improper use of our AI models
through both technical measures and the inclusion of contractual restrictions on third-party use in any agreement
between us and any third party, we cannot guarantee that such measures will be effective. Such improper use by any
third party could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results or subject us to legal liability.

It is not possible to predict all of the risks related to the use of AI and changes in laws, rules, directives, and
regulations or other regulatory developments regarding the use of AI, including restrictions around the collection
and use of data, may adversely affect our ability to develop and use AI or subject us to legal liability.
                                                        60                                                         
Table of Contents
We make product and investment decisions that may not prioritize short-term financial results and may not produce
the long-term benefits that we expect.

We frequently make product and investment decisions that may not prioritize short-term financial results if we
believe that the decisions are consistent with our mission and benefit the aggregate user experience and will
thereby improve our financial performance over the long term. For example, we have implemented, and we will
continue to implement, changes to our user data practices. Some of these changes reduce our ability to effectively
target ads, which has to some extent adversely affected, and will continue to adversely affect, our advertising
business. For example, our "Your Activity off-Meta Technologies" tool enables users to place limits on our storage
and use of information about their interactions with advertisers' apps and websites, which reduces our ability to
deliver the most relevant and effective ads to our users. Similarly, from time to time we update our Feed display
and ranking algorithms or other product features to improve the user experience, and these changes have had, and
may in the future have, the effect of reducing time spent and some measures of user engagement with our products,
which could adversely affect our financial results. From time to time, we also change the size, frequency, or
relative prominence of ads as part of our product and monetization strategies. In addition, we have made, and we
expect to continue to make, other changes to our products which may adversely affect the distribution of content of
publishers, marketers, and developers, and could reduce their incentive to invest in their efforts on our products.
We also may introduce new features or other changes to existing products, or introduce new stand-alone products,
that attract users away from properties, formats, or use cases where we have more proven means of monetization,
such as our Feed products. In addition, as we focus on growing users and engagement across our family of products,
from time to time these efforts have reduced, and may in the future reduce, engagement with one or more products
and services in favor of other products or services that we monetize less successfully or that are not growing as
quickly. For example, we plan to continue to promote Reels, which we expect will continue to monetize at a lower
rate than our Feed and Stories products for the foreseeable future. These decisions may adversely affect our
business and results of operations and may not produce the long-term benefits that we expect.

We may not be successful in our Reality Labs strategy and investments, which could adversely affect our business,
reputation, or financial results.

Our Reality Labs efforts include our metaverse and wearables initiatives. We believe the metaverse, an embodied
internet where people have immersive experiences beyond two-dimensional screens, is the next evolution in social
technology. In 2021, we announced a shift in our business and product strategy to focus on helping to bring the
metaverse to life, and we are directing our efforts toward innovations in AI, wearables, and devices to help build
next-generation interfaces. We expect this will be a complex, evolving, and long-term initiative that will involve
the development of new and emerging technologies, continued investment in infrastructure as well as privacy,
safety, and security efforts, and collaboration with other companies, developers, partners, and other participants.
However, the metaverse may not develop in accordance with our expectations, and market acceptance of features,
products, or services we build is uncertain. We regularly evaluate our product roadmaps and make significant
changes as our understanding of the technological challenges and market landscape and our product ideas and designs
evolve. In addition, we have relatively limited experience with consumer hardware products and virtual, augmented,
and mixed reality technology, which may enable other companies to compete more effectively than us. We may be
unsuccessful in our research and product development efforts, including if we are unable to develop relationships
with key participants in the metaverse or develop products that operate effectively with metaverse technologies,
products, systems, networks, or standards. For example, some of our consumer hardware products depend on the
ability to operate with third-party mobile platforms and these platforms do not necessarily provide our products
with the same levels of interoperability that they provide to their own competing products. In addition, our
Reality Labs efforts may also divert resources and management attention from other areas of our business. We expect
to continue to make significant investments in virtual, augmented, and mixed reality and other technologies to
support these efforts, and our ability to support these efforts is dependent on generating sufficient profits from
other areas of our business. In addition, as our Reality Labs efforts evolve, we may be subject to a variety of
existing or new laws and regulations in the United States and international jurisdictions, including in the areas
of privacy, safety, AI, competition, content regulation, tariffs, export controls, consumer protection, and
e-commerce, which may delay or impede the development of our products and services, increase our operating costs,
require significant management time and attention, or otherwise harm our business. As a result of these or other
factors, our Reality Labs strategy and investments may not be successful in the foreseeable future, or at all,
which could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results.
                                                        61                                                         
Table of Contents
If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brands, our ability to maintain or expand our base of users,
marketers, and developers may be impaired, and our business and financial results may be harmed.

We believe that our brands have significantly contributed to the success of our business. We also believe that
maintaining and enhancing our brands is critical to maintaining and expanding our base of users, marketers, and
developers. Many of our new users are referred by existing users. Maintaining and enhancing our brands will depend
largely on our ability to continue to provide useful, reliable, trustworthy, and innovative products, which we may
not do successfully. We may introduce new products, terms of service, or policies that users do not like, which may
negatively affect our brands. Additionally, the actions of our developers or advertisers may affect our brands if
users do not have a positive experience using third-party applications integrated with our products or interacting
with parties that advertise through our products. We will also continue to experience media, legislative, or
regulatory scrutiny of our actions or decisions regarding user privacy, data use, encryption, content, product
design, algorithms, advertising, competition, generative AI, superintelligence, younger users, and other issues,
including actions or decisions in connection with elections or geopolitical events, which has adversely affected,
and may in the future adversely affect, our reputation and brands. For example, in January 2025, we announced
certain changes to our content policies and enforcement efforts to further free expression on our platform and
mitigate over-enforcement of certain of our content policies. Beginning in September 2021, we became the subject of
media, legislative, and regulatory scrutiny as a result of a former employee's allegations and release of internal
company documents relating to, among other things, our algorithms, advertising and user metrics, and content
enforcement practices, as well as misinformation and other undesirable activity on our platform, and user well-
being. In addition, in March 2018, we announced developments regarding the misuse of certain data by a developer
that shared such data with third parties in violation of our terms and policies. We also may fail to respond
expeditiously or appropriately to the sharing of content on our services, or to practices by advertisers or
developers, that are illegal, illicit, or in violation of our policies, or fail to otherwise enforce our policies,
address objectionable content or practices on our services, or address other user concerns, which has occurred in
the past and which could erode confidence in our brands.

Our brands may also be negatively affected by the actions of users that are deemed to be hostile or inappropriate
to other users, by the actions of users acting under false or inauthentic identities, by the use of our products or
services to disseminate information that is deemed to be misleading (or intended to manipulate opinions), by
perceived or actual efforts by governments to obtain access to user information for security-related purposes or to
censor certain content on our platform, by the use of our products or services for illicit or objectionable ends,
including, for example, any such actions around geopolitical events or elections in the United States and around
the world, by decisions or recommendations regarding content on our platform from the independent Oversight Board,
by research or media reports concerning the perceived or actual impacts of our products or services on user well-
being, by our decisions regarding whether to enforce against content or suspend or disable participation on our
platform by persons who violate our community standards or terms of service, or by any negative sentiment
associated with our management.

Maintaining and enhancing our brands will require us to make substantial investments and these investments may not
be successful. Certain of our actions, such as the foregoing matter regarding developer misuse of data and concerns
around our handling of political speech and advertising, hate speech, and other content, as well as user well-being
issues, have eroded confidence in our brands and may continue to do so in the future. If we fail to successfully
promote and maintain our brands or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business and financial
results may be adversely affected.

We may not be able to continue to successfully maintain or grow usage of and engagement with applications that
integrate with our products.

We have made and are continuing to make investments to enable developers to build, grow, and monetize applications
that integrate with our products. Such existing and prospective developers may not be successful in building,
growing, or monetizing applications that create and maintain user engagement. Additionally, developers may choose
to build on other platforms, including platforms controlled by third parties, rather than building products that
integrate with our products. We are continuously seeking to balance the distribution objectives of our developers
with our desire to provide an optimal user experience, and we may not be successful in achieving a balance that
continues to attract and retain such developers. For example, from time to time, we have taken actions to reduce
the volume of communications from these developers to users on our products with the objective of enhancing the
user experience, and such actions have reduced distribution from, user engagement with, and our monetization
opportunities from, applications integrated with our products. In addition, as part of our efforts related to
privacy, safety, and security, we conduct investigations and audits of platform applications from time to time, and
we also have announced several product changes that restrict developer access to certain user data. In some
instances, these actions, as well as other actions to enforce our policies applicable to developers, have adversely
affected, or
                                                        62                                                         
Table of Contents
will adversely affect, our relationships with developers. If we are not successful in our efforts to maintain or
grow the number of developers that choose to build products that integrate with our products or if we are unable to
continue to build and maintain good relations with such developers, our user growth and user engagement and our
financial results may be adversely affected.
                          Risks Related to Our Business Operations and Financial Results                           
Our business is highly competitive. Competition presents an ongoing threat to the success of our business.

We compete with companies providing connection, sharing, discovery, and communication products and services to
users online, as well as companies that sell advertising to businesses looking to reach consumers and/or develop
tools and systems for managing and optimizing advertising campaigns. We face significant competition in every
aspect of our business, including, but not limited to, companies that facilitate the ability of users to create,
share, communicate, and discover content and information online or enable marketers to reach their existing or
prospective audiences. We compete to attract, engage, and retain people who use our products, to attract and retain
businesses that use our free or paid business and advertising services, and to attract and retain developers who
build compelling applications that integrate with our products. We also compete with companies that develop and
deliver consumer hardware and augmented, mixed, and virtual reality products and services. We also expect to face
additional competition as we introduce or acquire new products, as our existing products evolve, or as other
companies introduce new products and services, including as part of efforts to innovate through the development and
application of AI and other new technologies, as well as efforts to develop the metaverse.

Some of our current and potential competitors may have greater resources, experience, or stronger competitive
positions in certain product segments, geographic regions, or user demographics than we do. For example, some of
our competitors may be domiciled in different countries and subject to political, legal, and regulatory regimes
that enable them to compete more effectively than us. These factors may allow our competitors to respond more
effectively than us to new or emerging technologies and changes in market conditions. We believe that some users,
particularly younger users, are aware of and actively engaging with other products and services similar to, or as a
substitute for, our products and services, and we believe that some users have reduced their use of and engagement
with our products and services in favor of these other products and services. In addition, from time to time we
make updates to our products and services to improve the user experience (including to help provide users with
safe, positive, age-appropriate experiences), and these changes have had, and may in the future have, the effect of
reducing time spent and some measures of user engagement with our products and services. In the event that users
increasingly engage with other products and services, we may experience a decline in use and engagement in key user
demographics or more broadly, in which case our business would likely be harmed.

Our competitors may develop products, features, or services that are similar to ours or that achieve greater
acceptance, may undertake more far-reaching and successful product development efforts or marketing campaigns, or
may adopt more aggressive pricing policies. Some competitors may gain a competitive advantage against us in areas
where we operate, including: by making acquisitions; by limiting our ability to deliver, target, or measure the
effectiveness of ads; by imposing fees or other charges related to our applications or our delivery of ads; by
making access to our products more difficult or impossible; by making it more difficult to communicate with our
users; by limiting the ability of our devices or products to interoperate with their popular platforms or products;
or by integrating competing platforms, applications, or features into products they control such as mobile device
operating systems, search engines, browsers, or e-commerce platforms. For example, each of Apple and Google have
integrated competitive products with iOS and Android, respectively. In addition, Apple has released changes to iOS
that limit our ability, and the ability of others in the digital advertising industry, to target and measure ads
effectively. As a result, our competitors may, and in some cases will, acquire and engage users or generate
advertising or other revenue at the expense of our own efforts, which would negatively affect our business and
financial results. In addition, from time to time, we may take actions in response to competitive threats, but we
cannot assure you that these actions will be successful or that they will not negatively affect our business and
financial results.

We believe that our ability to compete effectively depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control,
including:

• the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our products compared to our
competitors' products;

• the size and composition of our user base;

• the engagement of users with our products and competing products;
                                                        63                                                         
Table of Contents
• our ability to attract and retain businesses who use our free or paid business and advertising services;

• the timing and market acceptance of products, including developments and enhancements to our or our competitors'
products;

• our safety and security efforts and our ability to protect user data and to provide users with control over their
data;

• our ability to distribute our products to new and existing users;

• our ability to monetize our products;

• the frequency, size, format, quality, and relative prominence of the ads displayed by us or our competitors;

• customer service and support efforts;

• marketing and selling efforts, including our ability to measure the effectiveness of our ads and to provide
marketers with a compelling return on their investments;

• our ability to establish and maintain developers' interest in building applications that integrate with our
products;

• our ability to establish and maintain publisher interest in integrating their content with our products;

• changes mandated by legislation, regulatory authorities, or litigation, some of which may have a disproportionate
effect on us;

• acquisitions or consolidation within our industry, which may result in more formidable competitors;

• our ability to attract, retain, and motivate talented employees, particularly specialized technical personnel
including software engineers, designers, and product managers;

• our ability to cost-effectively manage our operations; and

• our reputation and brand strength relative to those of our competitors.

If we are not able to compete effectively, our user base, level of user engagement, and ability to deliver ad
impressions may decrease, we may become less attractive to developers and marketers, and our revenue and results of
operations may be materially and adversely affected.

Our financial results will fluctuate from quarter to quarter and are difficult to predict.

Our quarterly financial results have fluctuated in the past and will fluctuate in the future. Additionally, we have
a limited operating history with the current scale of our business, which makes it difficult to forecast our future
results. As a result, you should not rely upon our past quarterly financial results as indicators of future
performance. You should take into account the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies in
rapidly evolving markets. Our financial results in any given quarter can be influenced by numerous factors, many of
which we are unable to predict or are outside of our control, including:

• our ability to maintain and grow our user base and user engagement, particularly for our products that deliver ad
impressions;

• our ability to attract and retain marketers in a particular period;

• our ability to recognize revenue or collect payments from marketers or advertising agencies or resellers in a
particular period;

• fluctuations in spending by our marketers due to seasonality, such as historically strong spending in the fourth
quarter of each year, episodic regional or global events, or other factors;

• the frequency, prominence, size, format, and quality of ads shown to users;
                                                        64                                                         
Table of Contents
• the enforcement of our advertising policies, including the removal of ads and marketers from our platform;

• the success of technologies designed to block the display of ads;

• changes to the content or application of third-party policies that limit our ability to deliver, target, or
measure the effectiveness of advertising, including changes by mobile operating system and browser providers such
as Apple and Google;

• the pricing of our ads and other products;

• the diversification and growth of revenue sources beyond advertising on Facebook and Instagram;

• our ability to generate revenue from Payments, or the sale of our consumer hardware products or other products we
may introduce in the future;

• changes to existing products or services or the development and introduction of new products or services by us or
our competitors;

• user behavior or product changes that may reduce traffic to features or products that we successfully monetize;

• increases in marketing, sales, and other operating expenses, as well as capital expenditures, that we will incur
to grow and expand our business and to remain competitive, including costs related to our data centers and
technical infrastructure as well as other costs relating to our AI initiatives;

• costs related to our privacy, safety, security, and content and advertising review and enforcement efforts,
including as a result of implementing changes to our practices, whether voluntarily, in connection with laws,
regulations, regulatory actions, or decisions or recommendations from the independent Oversight Board, or
otherwise;

• costs and expenses related to the development, manufacturing, and delivery of our consumer hardware products;

• our ability to maintain gross margins and operating margins;

• costs related to acquisitions, including costs associated with amortization and additional investments to develop
the acquired technologies;

• charges associated with impairment or abandonment of any assets on our balance sheet, including as a result of
changes to our real property lease arrangements and data center assets;

• our ability to obtain equipment, components, and labor for our data centers and other technical infrastructure in
a timely and cost-effective manner;

• system failures or outages or government blocking that prevent us from serving ads for any period of time;

• breaches of security or privacy, and the costs associated with any such breaches and remediation;

• changes in the manner in which we distribute our products or inaccessibility of our products due to third-party
actions;

• fees paid to third parties for content or the distribution of our products;

• refunds or other concessions provided to advertisers;

• share-based compensation expense, including acquisition-related expense;

• adverse litigation judgments, settlements, or other litigation-related costs;

• changes in the legislative or regulatory environment, including with respect to privacy, data protection,
antitrust, content, or AI, or actions by governments or regulators, including fines, orders, or consent decrees;
                                                        65                                                         
Table of Contents
• the overall tax rate for our business, which is affected by the mix of income we earn in the U.S. and in
jurisdictions with different tax rates, the effects of share-based compensation, the effects of integrating
intellectual property from acquisitions, the effects of changes in our business or structure, and the effects of
discrete items such as legal and tax settlements and tax elections;

• the impact of changes in tax laws or judicial or regulatory interpretations of tax laws, which are recorded in
the period such laws are enacted or interpretations are issued, and may significantly affect the effective tax rate
of that period;

• tax obligations that may arise from resolutions of tax examinations, including the examination we are currently
under by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), that materially differ from the amounts we have anticipated;

• fluctuations in currency exchange rates and changes in the proportion of our revenue and expenses denominated in
foreign currencies;

• trading activity in our share repurchase program;

• fluctuations in the market values of our investments in marketable securities, in the valuation of our non-
marketable equity investments, and in interest rates;

• the incurrence of indebtedness or our ability to refinance existing indebtedness on acceptable terms;

• changes in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles; and

• changes in regional or global business, macroeconomic, or geopolitical conditions, which may impact the other
factors described above.
Unfavorable media coverage negatively affects our business.
We receive a high degree of media coverage around the world. Our reputation has been, and could in the future be,
adversely affected by unfavorable publicity regarding, for example, our privacy practices, advertising policies,
product decisions, product quality, litigation or regulatory activity, government surveillance, the actions of our
advertisers, the actions of our developers whose products are integrated with our products, the use of our products
or services for illicit or objectionable ends, the substance or enforcement of our community standards, terms of
service, or other policies, the actions of our users, the quality and integrity of content shared on our platform,
the perceived or actual impacts of our products or services on user well-being, our management, or the actions of
other companies that provide similar services to ours. For example, we have been the subject of significant media
coverage involving concerns around our handling of political speech and advertising, hate speech, and other
content, as well as user well-being issues, and we continue to receive negative publicity related to these topics.
Beginning in September 2021, we became the subject of significant media coverage as a result of allegations and the
release of internal company documents by a former employee. In addition, we have been, and may in the future be,
subject to negative publicity in connection with our handling of misinformation and other illicit or objectionable
use of our products or services, including in connection with geopolitical events and elections in the United
States and around the world. We have also been, and expect to continue to be, subject to media coverage in
connection with litigation matters. Any such negative publicity could have an adverse effect on the size,
engagement, and loyalty of our user base and marketer demand for advertising on our products, which could result in
decreased revenue and adversely affect our business and financial results, and we have experienced such adverse
effects to varying degrees from time to time.

We are subject to the risk of catastrophic events and crises, which may have a significant adverse impact on our
business and operations.

We are subject to the risk of public health crises such as pandemics, earthquakes, adverse weather conditions,
other natural disasters, terrorism, geopolitical conflict, other physical security threats, power loss, cyber-
attacks, and other catastrophic events and crises. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic previously significantly
impacted our business and results of operations. In particular, the pandemic led to volatility in the demand for
and pricing of our advertising services at various points throughout the pandemic, and we may experience similar
effects in the future as a result of the pandemic or other catastrophic events. Such events also expose our
business, operations, and workforce to a variety of other risks, including: volatility in the size of our user base
and user engagement; delays in product development or releases, or reductions in manufacturing production and sales
of consumer hardware, as a result of inventory shortages, supply chain or labor shortages; significant volatility
and disruption of global financial markets, which could cause fluctuations in currency exchange rates or negatively
impact our ability to access capital in the future; illnesses to key employees, or a significant
                                                        66                                                         
Table of Contents
portion of our workforce, which may result in inefficiencies, delays, and disruptions in our business; and
increased volatility and uncertainty in the financial projections we use as the basis for estimates used in our
financial statements. Any of these developments may adversely affect our business, harm our reputation, or result
in legal or regulatory actions against us.

We incur significant expenses in operating our business, and some of our investments, particularly our investments
in our artificial intelligence initiatives as well as Reality Labs, have the effect of reducing our operating
margin and profitability. If our investments are not successful longer-term, our business and financial performance
will be harmed.

We incur significant expenses in operating our business, and we expect our expenses to continue to increase in the
future as we broaden our user base, as users increase the amount and types of content they consume and the data
they share with us, for example with respect to video, as we develop and implement new products, as we market new
and existing products and promote our brands, as we continue to expand our technical infrastructure, as we continue
to invest in new and unproven technologies, including AI and machine learning, and as we continue our efforts to
focus on privacy, safety, security, and content and advertising review and enforcement. We have previously
undertaken cost reduction measures in light of a more challenging operating environment, which may adversely affect
these or other business initiatives, and some of these measures have involved, and may in the future involve, up-
front charges and outlays of cash to reduce certain longer-term expenses. In addition, from time to time we are
subject to settlements, judgments, fines, or other monetary penalties in connection with legal and regulatory
developments that may be material to our business.

We are making significant investments in AI initiatives, including investments in infrastructure and headcount,
including specialized technical personnel, to support our efforts to enhance our products, features, and
advertising tools, as well as to develop and train our open source AI models. We are also continuing to increase
our investments in new platforms and technologies, including as part of our metaverse and wearables efforts. Some
of these investments, particularly our significant investments in Reality Labs, have generated only limited revenue
and reduced our operating margin and profitability, and we expect the adverse financial impact of such investments
to continue for the foreseeable future. For example, our investments in Reality Labs reduced our 2024 overall
operating profit by approximately $17.73 billion, and we expect our Reality Labs investments and operating losses
to increase in 2025. If our investments are not successful longer-term, our business and financial performance will
be harmed.

Our business is dependent on our ability to maintain and scale our technical infrastructure, and any significant
disruption in our products and services could damage our reputation, result in a potential loss of users and
engagement, and adversely affect our financial results.

Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our users is dependent upon the reliable performance of
our products and services and our underlying technical infrastructure. We have experienced, and may in the future
experience, interruptions in the availability or performance of our products and services from time to time. Our
systems may not be adequately designed or may not operate with the reliability and redundancy necessary to avoid
performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business. If our products or services are unavailable
when users attempt to access them, or if they do not load as quickly as expected, users may not use our products or
services as often in the future, or at all, and our ability to serve ads may be disrupted, any of which could
adversely affect our business and financial performance. We have experienced such issues to varying degrees from
time to time. In addition, as the amount and types of information shared on our products continue to grow and
evolve, as the usage patterns of our global community continue to evolve, and as our internal operational demands
continue to grow, especially with the deployment of AI technologies, we will need an increasing amount of technical
infrastructure, including network capacity, computing power, and related energy requirements, to continue to
satisfy our needs. Although we are making significant investments in our technical infrastructure, it is possible
that we may fail to continue to effectively scale and grow our technical infrastructure to accommodate these
increased demands or achieve our business objectives, which may adversely affect our user engagement and
advertising revenue. In addition, our business may be subject to interruptions, delays, or failures resulting from
earthquakes, adverse weather conditions, other natural disasters, power loss, terrorism, geopolitical conflict,
other physical security threats, cyber-attacks, or other catastrophic events and crises. Global climate change
could result in certain types of natural disasters occurring more frequently or with more intense effects. Any such
events may result in users being subject to service disruptions or outages and we may not be able to recover our
technical infrastructure and user data in a timely manner to restart or provide our services, which may adversely
affect our financial results. We also have been, and may in the future be, subject to increased energy and/or other
costs to maintain the availability or performance of our products and services in connection with any such events.
                                                        67                                                         
Table of Contents
A substantial portion of our technical infrastructure is provided by third parties. Any disruption or failure in
the services we receive from these providers could harm our ability to handle existing or increased traffic and
could significantly harm our business. Any financial or other difficulties these providers face may adversely
affect our business, and we exercise little control over these providers, which increases our vulnerability to
problems with the services they provide. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, various
challenges with the supply chain related to supporting our technical infrastructure. As a result, we have adjusted,
and may continue to adjust in the future, our procurement practices to adapt to the evolving landscape. We may not
be able to secure sufficient components, equipment, or services from third parties to satisfy our needs, or we may
be required to procure such components, equipment, or services on unfavorable terms.

Any of these developments may result in interruptions in the availability or performance of our products or
services, require unfavorable changes to existing products or services, delay the introduction of future products
or services, or otherwise adversely affect our business and financial results.

We have experienced, and could experience in the future, difficulties in building and operating key portions of our
technical infrastructure.

We have designed and built our own data centers and key portions of our technical infrastructure through which we
serve our products, and we plan to continue to significantly expand the size of our infrastructure primarily
through data centers, subsea and terrestrial fiber optic cable systems, and other projects. The infrastructure
expansion we are undertaking is complex and involves projects in multiple locations around the world, including in
developing regions that expose us to increased risks relating to anti-corruption compliance, trade compliance, and
political challenges, among others. We have changed, suspended, and terminated certain of these projects as a
result of various factors, and may continue to do so in the future. Additional unanticipated delays or disruptions
in the completion of these projects, including due to the availability of components, power or network capacity, or
any shortage of labor necessary in building portions of such projects, challenges in obtaining required government
or regulatory approvals, or other geopolitical challenges or actions by governments, including trade disputes or
other developments, may lead to increased project costs, operational inefficiencies, interruptions in the delivery
or degradation of the quality or reliability of our products and services, or impairment of assets on our balance
sheet. For example, like others in our industry, we rely on certain third-party equipment and components for our
technical infrastructure that are manufactured by a small number of third parties, often with significant
operations in a single region such as Asia. Any of the foregoing delays or disruptions, including actions by
governments or geopolitical events such as international conflicts, tariffs, sanctions, export or import controls,
and other measures that restrict international trade, could reduce or eliminate the ability of our suppliers,
manufacturers, or other third-party providers to continue their operations to manufacture, or limit or eliminate
our ability to purchase, key components of our technical infrastructure.

In addition, there may be issues related to this infrastructure that are not identified during the testing phases
of design and implementation, which may only become evident after we have started to fully utilize the underlying
equipment, that could further degrade the user experience or increase our costs. Further, much of our technical
infrastructure is located outside the United States, and action by a foreign government, or our response to such
government action, has resulted, and may result in the future, in the impairment of a portion of our technical
infrastructure, which may interrupt the delivery or degrade the quality or reliability of our products and lead to
a negative user experience or increase our costs. Any of these events could adversely affect our business,
reputation, or financial results.

Real or perceived inaccuracies in our community and other metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect our
business.

The numbers for our key metrics, which include our DAP and average revenue per person (ARPP), are calculated using
internal company data based on the activity of user accounts. While these numbers are based on what we believe to
be reasonable estimates of our user base for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in
measuring usage of our products across large online and mobile populations around the world. The methodologies used
to measure these metrics require significant judgment and are also susceptible to algorithm or other technical
errors. In addition, we are continually seeking to improve our estimates of our user base, and such estimates may
change due to improvements or changes in our methodology. We regularly review our processes for calculating these
metrics, and from time to time we discover inaccuracies in our metrics or make adjustments to improve their
accuracy, which can result in adjustments to our historical metrics. Our ability to recalculate our historical
metrics may be impacted by data limitations or other factors that require us to apply different methodologies for
such adjustments. We generally do not intend to update previously disclosed Family metrics for any such
inaccuracies or adjustments that are within the error margins disclosed below.
                                                        68                                                         
Table of Contents
In addition, our Family metrics estimates will differ from estimates published by third parties due to differences
in methodology or other factors such as data limitations or other challenges in measuring large online and mobile
populations. For example, our methodologies include measurements of our user base that have in some instances
exceeded estimates of addressable online and mobile populations that are based on data published by third parties.

Many people in our community have user accounts on more than one of our products, and some people have multiple
user accounts within an individual product. Accordingly, for our Family metrics, we do not seek to count the total
number of user accounts across our products because we believe that would not reflect the actual size of our
community. Rather, our Family metrics represent our estimates of the number of unique people using at least one of
Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and WhatsApp. We do not require people to use a common identifier or link their
accounts to use multiple products in our Family, and therefore must seek to attribute multiple user accounts within
and across products to individual people. To calculate these metrics, we rely upon complex techniques, algorithms
and machine learning models that seek to count the individual people behind user accounts, including by matching
multiple user accounts within an individual product and across multiple products when we believe they are
attributable to a single person, and counting such group of accounts as one person. These techniques and models
require significant judgment, are subject to data and other limitations discussed below, and inherently are subject
to statistical variances and uncertainties. We estimate the potential error in our Family metrics primarily based
on user survey data as described further below, which itself is subject to error as well. While we expect the error
margin for our Family metrics to vary from period to period, we estimate that such margin generally will be
approximately 3% of our worldwide DAP. At our scale, it is very difficult to attribute multiple user accounts
within and across products to individual people, and it is possible that the actual numbers of unique people using
our products may vary significantly from our estimates, potentially beyond our estimated error margins. As a
result, it is also possible that our Family metrics may indicate changes or trends in user numbers that do not
match actual changes or trends.

To calculate our estimates of DAP, we currently use a series of machine learning models that are developed based on
internal reviews of limited samples of user accounts and calibrated against user survey data. We apply significant
judgment in designing these models and calculating these estimates. For example, to match user accounts within
individual products and across multiple products, we use data signals such as similar device information, IP
addresses, and user names. We also calibrate our models against data from periodic user surveys of varying sizes
and frequency across our products, which survey questions are based on monthly usage, and which are inherently
subject to error. The timing and results of such user surveys have in the past contributed, and may in the future
contribute, to changes in our reported Family metrics from period to period. In addition, our data limitations may
affect our understanding of certain details of our business and increase the risk of error for our Family metrics
estimates. Our techniques and models rely on a variety of data signals from different products, and we rely on more
limited data signals for some products compared to others. For example, as a result of limited visibility into
encrypted products, we have fewer data signals from WhatsApp user accounts and primarily rely on phone numbers and
device information to match WhatsApp user accounts with accounts on our other products. Any loss of access to data
signals we use in our process for calculating Family metrics, whether as a result of our own product decisions,
actions by third-party browser or mobile platforms, regulatory or legislative requirements, or other factors, also
may impact the stability or accuracy of our reported Family metrics, as well as our ability to report these metrics
at all. Our estimates of Family metrics also may change as our methodologies evolve, including through the
application of new data signals or technologies, product changes, or other improvements in our user surveys,
algorithms, or machine learning that may improve our ability to match accounts within and across our products or
otherwise evaluate the broad population of our users. In addition, such evolution may allow us to identify
previously undetected violating accounts (as defined below).

We regularly evaluate our Family metrics to estimate the percentage of our DAP consisting solely of "violating"
accounts. We define "violating" accounts as accounts which we believe are intended to be used for purposes that
violate our terms of service, including bots and spam. In the fourth quarter of 2024, we estimated that less than
3% of our worldwide DAP consisted solely of violating accounts. Such estimation is based on an internal review of a
limited sample of accounts, and we apply significant judgment in making this determination. For example, we look
for account information and behaviors associated with Facebook and Instagram accounts that appear to be inauthentic
to the reviewers, but we have limited visibility into WhatsApp user activity due to encryption. In addition, if we
believe an individual person has one or more violating accounts, we do not include such person in our violating
accounts estimation as long as we believe they have one account that does not constitute a violating account. From
time to time, we disable certain user accounts, make product changes, or take other actions to reduce the number of
violating accounts among our users, which may also reduce our DAP estimates in a particular period. We intend to
continue to disclose our estimates of the percentage of our DAP consisting solely of violating accounts on an
annual basis in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Violating accounts are very difficult to measure at our scale, and
it is possible that the actual number of violating accounts may vary significantly from our estimates.
                                                        69                                                         
Table of Contents
Other data limitations also may affect our understanding of certain details of our business. For example, while
user-provided data indicates a decline in usage among younger users, this age data may be unreliable because a
disproportionate number of our younger users register with an inaccurate age. Accordingly, our understanding of
usage by age group may not be complete.

Our estimates for revenue by user location, as well as year-over-year percentage changes in ad impressions
delivered and the average price per ad by user location, are also affected by data limitations and other challenges
in measuring user geography. Our data regarding the geographic location of our users is estimated based on a number
of factors, such as the user's IP address and self-disclosed location. These factors may not always accurately
reflect the user's actual location. For example, a user may appear to be accessing our products from the location
of the proxy server that the user connects to rather than from the user's actual location. The methodologies used
to measure our metrics are also susceptible to algorithm or other technical errors.

In addition, from time to time we provide, or rely on, certain other metrics and estimates, including those
relating to the reach and effectiveness of our ads. Many of our metrics involve the use of estimations and
judgments, and our metrics and estimates are subject to software bugs, inconsistencies in our systems, and human
error. Such metrics and estimates also change from time to time due to improvements or changes in our terminology
or methodology, including as a result of loss of access to data signals we use in calculating such metrics and
estimates. We have been, and may in the future be, subject to litigation as well as marketer, regulatory, and other
inquiries regarding the accuracy of such metrics and estimates. Where marketers, developers, or investors do not
perceive our metrics or estimates to be accurate, or where we discover material inaccuracies in our metrics or
estimates, we may be subject to liability, our reputation may be harmed, and marketers and developers may be less
willing to allocate their budgets or resources to our products that deliver ad impressions, which could negatively
affect our business and financial results.

We cannot assure you that we will effectively manage our scale.

Our employee headcount and the scale and complexity of our business have increased significantly over time. The
scale of our business and breadth of our products create significant challenges for our management, operational,
and financial resources, including managing multiple relationships with users, marketers, developers, and other
third parties, and maintaining information technology systems and internal controls and procedures that support the
scale and complexity of our business. To effectively manage our scale, we must maintain, and continue to adapt, our
operational, financial, and management processes and systems, manage our headcount and facilities, and effectively
train and manage our personnel. Many of our personnel work remotely, which may lead to challenges in productivity
and collaboration. In addition, from time to time, we implement organizational changes to pursue greater efficiency
and realign our business and strategic priorities. For example, in 2022 and 2023, we announced several initiatives,
including restructurings, employee layoffs, and measures to scale down our office facilities. These efforts also
subject us to risks such as greater than anticipated costs, adverse effects on employee retention, and increased
difficulty managing the scale and complexity of our business. For example, we could face delays or challenges with
product development, other business and strategic initiatives, or legal and regulatory compliance, as well as other
disruptions to our operations. As our organization continues to evolve, and we are required to implement and adapt
complex organizational management structures, we may find it difficult to maintain the benefits of our corporate
culture, including our ability to quickly develop and launch new and innovative products. Any of these developments
could negatively affect our business, reputation, or financial results.

We have significant international operations, which subject us to increased business, economic, and legal risks
that could affect our financial results.

We have significant international operations. We currently make our Family products available in a total of more
than 100 different languages, and we have offices or data centers in approximately 40 different countries. We may
enter new international regions where we have limited or no experience in marketing, selling, and deploying our
products. Our products are generally available globally, but some or all of our products or functionality may not
be available in certain regions due to legal and regulatory complexities. For example, several of our products are
not generally available in China. We also outsource certain operational functions to third parties globally. If we
fail to deploy, manage, or oversee our international operations successfully, our business may suffer. In addition,
we are subject to a variety of risks inherent in doing business internationally, including:

• political, social, or economic instability;

• risks related to legal, regulatory, and other government scrutiny applicable to U.S. companies with sales and
                                                        70                                                         
Table of Contents
operations in foreign jurisdictions, including with respect to privacy, tax, law enforcement, content, trade
compliance, supply chain, competition, consumer protection, intellectual property, environmental, health and
safety, accessibility, licensing, and infrastructure matters;

• potential damage to our brand and reputation due to compliance with local laws, including potential censorship or
requirements to provide user information to local authorities;

• enhanced difficulty in reviewing content on our platform and enforcing our community standards, terms of service,
and other policies across different languages and countries;

• fluctuations in currency exchange rates and compliance with currency controls;

• foreign exchange controls and tax and other regulations and orders that might prevent us from repatriating cash
earned in countries outside the United States or otherwise limit our ability to move cash freely, and impede our
ability to invest such cash efficiently;

• higher levels of credit risk and payment fraud;

• enhanced difficulties of integrating any foreign acquisitions;

• burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws, including laws related to taxation, content removal, content
moderation, data localization, data protection, competition, e-commerce and payments, and regulatory oversight;

• reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries;

• difficulties in staffing, managing, and overseeing global operations and the increased travel, infrastructure,
and legal compliance costs associated with multiple international locations, including difficulties arising from
personnel working remotely;

• compliance with statutory equity requirements and management of tax consequences; and

• geopolitical events affecting us, our marketers or our industry, including trade disputes, armed conflicts, and
pandemics.

In addition, we must manage the potential conflicts between locally accepted business practices in any given
jurisdiction and our obligations to comply with laws and regulations, including anti-corruption laws or regulations
applicable to us, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010. We also must manage
our obligations to comply with laws and regulations related to import and export controls, trade restrictions, and
sanctions, including regulations established by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control. Government agencies and
authorities have a broad range of civil and criminal penalties they may seek to impose against companies for
violations of anti-corruption laws or regulations, import and export controls, trade restrictions, sanctions, and
other laws, rules, and regulations.

If we are unable to expand internationally and manage the complexity of our global operations successfully, our
financial results could be adversely affected. We also may be required to or elect to cease or modify our
operations or the offering of our products and services in certain regions, including as a result of the risks
described above, which could adversely affect our business, user growth and engagement, and financial results.

We face design, manufacturing, and supply chain risks with respect to our consumer hardware products that, if not
properly managed, could adversely impact our financial results.

We face a number of risks related to design, manufacturing, and supply chain management with respect to our
consumer hardware products. For example, the consumer hardware products we sell from time to time have had, and in
the future may have, quality issues resulting from the design or manufacture of the products, or from the software
used in the products. Sometimes, these issues may be caused by components we purchase from other manufacturers or
suppliers. Our brand and financial results could be adversely affected by any such quality issues, other failures
to meet our customers' expectations, or findings of our consumer hardware products to be defective.
                                                        71                                                         
Table of Contents
We rely on third parties to manufacture and manage the logistics of transporting and distributing our consumer
hardware products, which subjects us to a number of risks. The manufacturing of our consumer hardware products
depends on a small number of third parties, often with significant operations in a single region such as Asia. We
have experienced, and may in the future experience, supply or labor shortages, strikes or other disruptions in
logistics and the supply chain, which could result in shipping delays and negatively impact our operations, product
development, and sales. We could be negatively affected if we are not able to engage third parties with the
necessary capabilities or capacity on reasonable terms, or if those we engage with fail to meet their obligations
(whether due to financial difficulties, manufacturing or supply constraints, or other reasons), or make adverse
changes in the pricing or other material terms of such arrangements with them. The manufacturing, distribution, and
sale of our consumer hardware products also may be negatively impacted by macroeconomic conditions, geopolitical
challenges, trade disputes, or other actions by governments or non-state actors (including international conflicts,
tariffs, sanctions, export controls, and other measures that restrict international trade) that subject us to
supply shortages, increased costs, or supply chain or logistics disruptions.

We also require the suppliers and business partners of our consumer hardware products to comply with laws and
certain company policies regarding sourcing practices and standards on labor, trade compliance, health and safety,
the environment, and business ethics, but we do not control them or their practices and standards and have
experienced violations of these requirements from time to time. If any supplier or business partner violates laws,
fails to implement changes in accordance with newly enacted laws, or implements practices or standards regarded as
unethical, corrupt, or non-compliant, we could experience supply chain disruptions, government action or fines,
canceled orders, or damage to our reputation.
We face inventory risk with respect to our consumer hardware products.
We are exposed to inventory risks with respect to our consumer hardware products as a result of rapid changes in
product cycles and pricing, unsafe or defective merchandise, supply chain disruptions, changes in consumer demand
and consumer spending patterns, changes in consumer tastes with respect to our consumer hardware products, higher
tariffs that increase consumer prices, and other factors. The demand for our products can also change significantly
between the time inventory or components are ordered and the date of sale. While we endeavor to accurately predict
these trends and avoid overstocking or understocking consumer hardware products we may sell, from time to time we
have experienced difficulties in accurately predicting and meeting the consumer demand for our products. In
addition, when we begin selling or manufacturing a new consumer hardware product or enter new international
regions, it may be difficult to establish vendor relationships, determine appropriate product or component
selection, and accurately forecast demand. The acquisition of certain types of inventory or components may require
significant lead-time and prepayment and they may not be returnable. Any one of the foregoing factors may adversely
affect our operating results.

We are involved in numerous class action lawsuits and other litigation matters that are expensive and time
consuming, and, if resolved adversely, could harm our business, financial condition, or results of operations.

We are involved in numerous lawsuits, including stockholder derivative lawsuits and putative class action lawsuits,
many of which claim statutory damages and/or seek significant changes to our business operations, and we anticipate
that we will continue to be a target for numerous lawsuits in the future. Because of the scale of our user,
advertiser, and developer base, the plaintiffs in class action cases filed against us typically claim enormous
monetary damages even if the alleged per-user or entity harm is small or non-existent. In addition, we have faced,
currently face, and will continue to face additional class action and other lawsuits based on claims related to
advertising, antitrust, privacy, security, biometrics, content, algorithms, copyright, user well-being, younger
users, employment, contingent workers, activities on our platform, consumer protection, unfair and deceptive trade
practices, or product performance or other claims related to the use of consumer hardware and software, including
virtual reality technology and products, which are new and unproven. For example, we are currently the subject of
multiple putative class action suits in connection with our platform and user data practices and the misuse of
certain data by a developer that shared such data with third parties in violation of our terms and policies; the
disclosure of our earnings results for the second quarter of 2018; our acquisitions of Instagram and WhatsApp, as
well as other alleged anticompetitive conduct; a former employee's allegations and release of internal company
documents beginning in September 2021; the disclosure of our earnings results for the fourth quarter of 2021; and
allegations that we inflated our estimates of the potential audience size for advertisements, resulting in
artificially increased demand and higher prices. We are also the subject of multiple lawsuits related to our
alleged use of biometric technology, our alleged recommendation of and/or failure to remove harmful content,
information from third-party websites or apps via our business tools, our alleged use of copyright-protected
content to train our AI models, and allegations that Facebook and Instagram cause "social media addiction" in users
and allegations of violations of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). We have seen an increase in
litigation and threatened claims related to the provision of our services to younger users, and expect to face
similar litigation in the future, including as global youth-related regulation continues to evolve. The results of
any such lawsuits and
                                                        72                                                         
Table of Contents
claims cannot be predicted with certainty, and any negative outcome from any such lawsuits could result in payments
of substantial monetary damages or fines, or undesirable changes to our products or business practices, and
accordingly our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

There can be no assurances that a favorable final outcome will be obtained in all our cases, and defending any
lawsuit is costly and can impose a significant burden on management and employees. Any litigation to which we are a
party may result in an onerous or unfavorable judgment that may not be reversed upon appeal or in payments of
substantial monetary damages or fines, or we may decide to settle lawsuits on similarly unfavorable terms, which
has occurred in the past and which could adversely affect our business, financial conditions, or results of
operations.

We plan to continue to make acquisitions and pursue other strategic transactions, which could impact our financial
condition or results of operations and may adversely affect the price of our common stock.

As part of our business strategy, we have made and intend to continue to make acquisitions to add specialized
employees and complementary companies, products, or technologies, and from time to time may enter into other
strategic transactions such as investments and joint ventures. We may not be able to find suitable acquisition
candidates, and we may not be able to complete acquisitions or other strategic transactions on favorable terms, or
at all, including as a result of regulatory challenges. For example, we completed our divestiture of Giphy in 2023
following the United Kingdom Competition and Markets Authority's order directing us to divest Giphy post-
acquisition. In addition, although we were able to successfully complete the acquisition after prevailing in
federal court, the FTC sought to enjoin our proposed acquisition of Within Unlimited. In some cases, the costs of
such acquisitions or other strategic transactions may be substantial, and there is no assurance that we will
realize expected synergies and potential monetization opportunities for our acquisitions or a favorable return on
investment for our strategic investments.

We may pay substantial amounts of cash or incur debt to pay for acquisitions or other strategic transactions, which
has occurred in the past and could adversely affect our liquidity. The incurrence of indebtedness also results in
increased fixed obligations and increased interest expense, and could also include covenants or other restrictions
that would impede our ability to manage our operations. We may also issue equity securities to pay for acquisitions
and we regularly grant restricted stock units to retain the employees of acquired companies, which could increase
our expenses, adversely affect our financial results, and result in dilution to our stockholders. In addition, any
acquisitions or other strategic transactions we announce could be viewed negatively by users, marketers,
developers, or investors, which may adversely affect our business or the price of our Class A common stock.

We may also discover liabilities, deficiencies, or other claims associated with the companies or assets we acquire
that were not identified in advance, which may result in significant unanticipated costs. The effectiveness of our
due diligence review and our ability to evaluate the results of such due diligence are dependent upon the accuracy
and completeness of statements and disclosures made or actions taken by the companies we acquire or their
representatives, as well as the limited amount of time in which acquisitions are executed. In addition, we may fail
to accurately forecast the financial impact of an acquisition or other strategic transaction, including tax and
accounting charges. Acquisitions or other strategic transactions may also result in our recording of significant
additional expenses to our results of operations and recording of substantial finite-lived intangible assets on our
balance sheet upon closing. Any of these factors may adversely affect our financial condition or results of
operations.

We may not be able to successfully integrate our acquisitions, and we incur significant costs to integrate and
support the companies we acquire.

The integration of acquisitions requires significant time and resources, particularly with respect to companies
that have significant operations or that develop products where we do not have prior experience, and we may not
manage these processes successfully. We have made, and may in the future make, substantial investments of resources
to support our acquisitions, which can result in significant ongoing operating expenses and the diversion of
resources and management attention from other areas of our business. We cannot assure you that these investments
will be successful. If we fail to successfully integrate the companies we acquire, we may not realize the benefits
expected from the transaction and our business may be harmed.
                                                        73                                                         
Table of Contents
We have had, and may in the future have, exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities.

Our tax obligations, including income and non-income taxes, are based in part on our corporate operating structure
and intercompany arrangements, including the manner in which we operate our business, develop, value, manage,
protect, and use our intellectual property, and the valuations of our intercompany transactions. The tax laws
applicable to our business, including the laws of the United States and other jurisdictions, are subject to
interpretation. Certain jurisdictions have applied novel or aggressive interpretations of their laws in an effort
to raise additional tax revenue from companies such as Meta, and we may experience similar developments in the
future. We are subject to regular review and audit by U.S. federal, state, and foreign tax authorities. Tax
authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken, including our methodologies for valuing developed
technology or intercompany arrangements, and any adverse outcome of such a review or audit could increase our
worldwide effective tax rate, increase the amount of non-income taxes imposed on our business, and harm our
financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. For example, in 2016 and 2018, the IRS issued formal
assessments relating to transfer pricing with our foreign subsidiaries in conjunction with the examination of the
2010 through 2013 tax years. Although we disagree with the IRS's position and are litigating this issue, the
ultimate resolution is uncertain and, if resolved in a manner unfavorable to us, may adversely affect our financial
results.

The determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant
judgment by management, and there are many transactions where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Our
provision for income taxes is determined by the manner in which we operate our business, and any changes to such
operations or laws applicable to such operations may affect our effective tax rate. Although we believe that our
provision for income taxes and estimates of our non-income tax liabilities are reasonable, the ultimate settlement
may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and may materially affect our financial results in
the period or periods for which such determination is made.

Our future income tax rates could be volatile and difficult to predict due to changes in jurisdictional profit
split, changes in the amount and recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by changes in tax laws,
regulations, or accounting principles.

Changes in tax laws or tax rulings could materially affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash
flows.

The tax regimes we are subject to or operate under, including income and non-income taxes, are unsettled and may be
subject to significant change. Changes in tax laws or tax rulings, or changes in interpretations of existing laws,
could materially affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. For example, the One Big
Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA) enacted in July 2025 is expected to have a significant impact on our tax obligations and
effective tax rate for the third quarter of 2025. The issuance of additional regulatory or accounting guidance
related to the OBBBA or other executive or Congressional actions in the United States or globally could materially
increase our tax obligations and significantly impact our effective tax rate in the period such guidance is issued
or such actions take effect, and in future periods. In addition, many countries have recently proposed or
recommended changes to existing tax laws or have enacted new laws that could significantly increase our tax
obligations in many countries where we do business or require us to change the manner in which we operate our
business.

Over the last several years, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) has been working on a
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Project that, if implemented, would change various aspects of the existing
framework under which our tax obligations are determined in many of the countries in which we do business. A number
of countries have enacted legislation to implement the OECD’s 15% global minimum tax regime. As additional
jurisdictions enact legislation, transitional relief expires, and other provisions of the minimum tax legislation
become effective, our effective tax rate and cash tax payments could increase in future years. Similarly, the
European Commission and several countries have issued proposals that would apply to various aspects of the current
international tax rules under which we are taxed. These proposals include changes to the existing rules to
calculate income tax, as well as proposals to change or impose new types of non-income taxes, including taxes based
on a percentage of revenue. For example, several jurisdictions have proposed or enacted taxes applicable to certain
digital services, which include business activities on digital advertising and online marketplaces, and which apply
to our business. In the absence of active OECD discussions, countries may continue imposing unilateral tax
measures, such as digital services taxes, outside existing treaty frameworks. These measures may proliferate in the
absence of bilateral or multilateral agreement.
                                                        74                                                         
Table of Contents
The European Commission has conducted investigations in multiple countries focusing on whether local country tax
rulings or tax legislation provides preferential tax treatment that violates European Union state aid rules and
concluded that certain member states, including Ireland, have provided illegal state aid in certain cases. These
investigations may result in changes to the tax treatment of our foreign operations.

In addition, ongoing volatility due to international trade may prompt foreign governments to expand regulatory
authority or adopt new measures, increasing compliance risks, taxes, and operational complexities. Due to the large
and expanding scale of our international business activities, many of these types of changes to the taxation of our
activities described above could increase our worldwide effective tax rate, increase the amount of non-income taxes
imposed on our business, and harm our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Such changes may
also apply retroactively to our historical operations and result in taxes greater than the amounts estimated and
recorded in our financial statements.

Given our levels of share-based compensation, our tax rate has in the past varied, and may in the future vary,
significantly depending on our stock price.

The tax effects of the accounting for share-based compensation have in the past impacted, and may in the future
impact, our effective tax rate, sometimes significantly, from period to period. In periods in which our stock price
varies from the grant price of the share-based compensation vesting in that period, we will recognize excess tax
benefits or shortfalls that will impact our effective tax rate. For example, in the six months ended June 30, 2025,
excess tax benefits recognized from share-based compensation decreased our provision for income taxes by $2.39
billion and our effective income tax rate by six percentage points as compared to the tax rate without such
benefits. In future periods in which our stock price varies in comparison to the grant price of the share-based
compensation vesting in that period, our effective tax rate may be inversely impacted. The amount and value of
share-based compensation issued relative to our earnings in a particular period will also affect the magnitude of
the impact of share-based compensation on our effective tax rate. These tax effects are dependent on our stock
price, which we do not control, and a decline in our stock price could significantly increase our effective tax
rate and adversely affect our financial results.

If our goodwill or intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to
earnings.

We review our intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value
may not be recoverable, such as a decline in stock price and market capitalization. We test goodwill for impairment
at the reporting unit level at least annually. If such goodwill or intangible assets are deemed to be impaired, an
impairment loss equal to the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the assets would be
recognized. We may be required to record a significant charge in our financial statements during the period in
which any impairment of our goodwill or intangible assets is determined, which would negatively affect our results
of operations.

The loss of one or more of our key personnel, or our failure to attract and retain other highly qualified personnel
in the future, could harm our business.

We currently depend on the continued services and performance of our key personnel, including Mark Zuckerberg. Mr.
Zuckerberg and certain other members of management participate in various high-risk activities, such as combat
sports, extreme sports, and recreational aviation, which carry the risk of serious injury and death. If Mr.
Zuckerberg were to become unavailable for any reason, there could be a material adverse impact on our operations.
The loss of other key personnel, including members of management as well as key engineering, product development,
science, research, marketing, and sales personnel, could also disrupt our operations and have an adverse effect on
our business.

In addition, we cannot guarantee we will continue to attract and retain the personnel we need to maintain our
competitive position. In particular, we expect to continue to face significant challenges in hiring specialized
technical personnel, particularly senior engineering talent, whether as a result of competition with other
companies or other factors. As we continue to mature, the incentives to attract, retain, and motivate employees
provided by our equity awards or by future arrangements may not be as effective as in the past, and if we issue
significant equity to attract additional employees or to retain our existing employees, we would incur substantial
additional share-based compensation expense and the ownership of our existing stockholders would be further
diluted. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate employees may also be adversely affected by stock price
volatility. In addition, restrictive immigration policies or legal or regulatory developments relating to
immigration may negatively affect our efforts to attract and hire new personnel as well as retain our existing
personnel. If we do not succeed in attracting, hiring, and integrating excellent personnel, or retaining and
motivating existing personnel, we may be unable to grow effectively.
                                                        75                                                         
Table of Contents
Our CEO has control over key decision making as a result of his control of a majority of the voting power of our
outstanding capital stock.

Mark Zuckerberg, our founder, Chairman, and CEO, is able to exercise voting rights with respect to a majority of
the voting power of our outstanding capital stock and therefore has the ability to control the outcome of all
matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors and any merger,
consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. This concentrated control could delay, defer, or
prevent a change of control, merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets that our
other stockholders support, or conversely this concentrated control could result in the consummation of such a
transaction that our other stockholders do not support. This concentrated control could also discourage a potential
investor from acquiring our Class A common stock, which has limited voting power relative to the Class B common
stock, and might harm the trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, Mr. Zuckerberg has the ability to
control the management and major strategic investments of our company as a result of his position as our CEO and
his ability to control the election or, in some cases, the replacement of our directors. In the event of his death,
the shares of our capital stock that Mr. Zuckerberg owns will be transferred to the persons or entities that he has
designated. As a board member and officer, Mr. Zuckerberg owes a fiduciary duty to our stockholders and must act in
good faith in a manner he reasonably believes to be in the best interests of our stockholders. As a stockholder,
even a controlling stockholder, Mr. Zuckerberg is entitled to vote his shares in his own interests, which may not
always be in the interests of our stockholders generally.

We cannot guarantee that our share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term
stockholder value. Share repurchases and dividend payments could also increase the volatility of the trading price
of our stock and will diminish our cash reserves.

Although our board of directors has authorized a share repurchase program that does not have an expiration date,
the program does not obligate us to repurchase any specific dollar amount or to acquire any specific number of
shares of our Class A common stock. The specific timing and amount of any share repurchases, and the specific
timing and amount of any dividend payments, will depend on prevailing share prices, general economic and market
conditions, company performance, and other considerations. We cannot guarantee that the repurchase program will be
fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. The repurchase program and dividend payments
could affect the trading price of our stock and increase volatility, and any announcement of a termination of this
repurchase program or dividend payments may result in a decrease in the trading price of our stock. In addition,
this repurchase program and dividend payments will diminish our cash reserves.

There can be no assurance that we will continue to declare cash dividends.

The payment of any cash dividends in the future is subject to continued capital availability, market conditions,
applicable laws and agreements, and our board of directors continuing to determine that the declaration of
dividends are in the best interests of our stockholders. The declaration and payment of any dividend may be
discontinued or reduced at any time, and there can be no assurance that we will declare cash dividends in the
future in any particular amounts, or at all.
                              Risks Related to Government Regulation and Enforcement                               
Actions by governments that restrict access to Facebook or our other products in their countries, censor or
moderate content on our products in their countries, or otherwise impair our ability to sell or deliver advertising
in their countries, could substantially harm our business and financial results.

Governments from time to time seek to censor or moderate content available on Facebook or our other products in
their country, restrict access to our products from their country partially or entirely, or impose other
restrictions that may affect the accessibility of our products in their country for an extended period of time or
indefinitely. For example, user access to Facebook and certain of our other products has been or is currently
restricted in whole or in part in China, Iran, and North Korea. In addition, government authorities in other
countries may seek to restrict user access to our products if they consider us to be in violation of their laws or
a threat to public safety or for other reasons, and certain of our products have been restricted by governments in
other countries from time to time. For example, in 2020, Hong Kong adopted a National Security Law that provides
authorities with the ability to obtain information, remove and block access to content, and suspend user services,
and if we are found to be in violation of this law then the use of our products may be restricted. Hong Kong has
passed additional national security legislation in 2024. In addition, if we are required to or elect to make
changes to our marketing and sales or other operations in Hong Kong as a result of the National Security Law or
other legislation, our revenue and business in the region will be adversely affected. In addition, in connection
with the war in Ukraine in the first
                                                        76                                                         
Table of Contents
quarter of 2022, access to Facebook and Instagram was restricted in Russia and the services were then prohibited by
the Russian government, which has adversely affected, and will likely continue to adversely affect, our revenue and
business in the region.

It is also possible that government authorities could take action that impairs our ability to sell or deliver
advertising, including in countries where access to our consumer-facing products may be blocked or restricted. For
example, we generate meaningful revenue from a small number of resellers serving advertisers based in China, and it
is possible that the Chinese, United States, or other government could take action that reduces or eliminates our
China-based advertising revenue, whether as a result of the trade dispute with the United States, including any
tariffs implemented by the United States or China, in response to content issues or information requests in Hong
Kong or elsewhere, or for other reasons, or take other action against us, such as imposing taxes or other
penalties, which could adversely affect our financial results.

Similarly, if we are found to be out of compliance with certain legal requirements for companies in Turkey, the
Turkish government could take action to reduce or eliminate our Turkey-based advertising revenue or otherwise
adversely impact access to our products. In the event that content shown on Facebook or our other products is
subject to censorship, access to our products is restricted, in whole or in part, in one or more countries, we are
required to or elect to make changes to our operations, or other restrictions are imposed on our products, or our
competitors are able to successfully penetrate new geographic markets or capture a greater share of existing
geographic markets that we cannot access or where we face other restrictions, our ability to retain or increase our
user base, user engagement, or the level of advertising by marketers may be adversely affected, we may not be able
to maintain or grow our revenue as anticipated, and our financial results could be adversely affected.

Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy, data use,
data combination, data protection, content, AI, competition, youth, safety, consumer protection, advertising,
e-commerce, and other matters. Many of these laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain
interpretation, and could result in claims, changes to our products and business practices, monetary penalties,
increased cost of operations, or declines in user growth or engagement, or otherwise harm our business.

We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad that involve matters central to
our business, including privacy, data use, data combination, data protection and personal information, the
provision of our services to younger users, biometrics, encryption, rights of publicity, content, integrity,
intellectual property, advertising, marketing, distribution, data security, data retention and deletion, data
localization and storage, data disclosure, AI and machine learning, electronic contracts and other communications,
competition, protection of minors, consumer protection, civil rights, accessibility, telecommunications, product
liability, e-commerce, taxation, economic or other trade controls including sanctions, export controls, anti-
corruption and political law compliance, securities law compliance, and online payment services. The introduction
of new products, expansion of our activities in certain jurisdictions, or other actions that we may take may
subject us to additional laws, regulations, or other government scrutiny. In addition, these U.S. and foreign laws
and regulations may impose different obligations from each other and create the potential for significant fines to
be imposed.

These U.S. federal and state, EU, and other international laws and regulations, which in some cases can be enforced
by private parties in addition to government entities, are constantly evolving and can be subject to significant
change. As a result, the application, interpretation, and enforcement of these laws and regulations are often
uncertain, particularly in the new and rapidly evolving industry in which we operate, and may be interpreted and
applied inconsistently from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and inconsistently with our current policies and
practices. For example, regulatory or legislative actions or litigation concerning the manner in which we display
content to our users, moderate content, provide our services to younger users, or are able to use data in various
ways, including for advertising, have in the past and could in the future adversely affect user growth and
engagement, affect the manner in which we provide our services, or adversely affect our financial results,
including by imposing significant fines that increasingly may be calculated based on global revenue.

We are also subject to evolving laws and regulations that dictate whether, how, and under what circumstances we can
transfer, process or receive certain data that is critical to our operations, including data shared between
countries or regions in which we operate and data shared among our products and services. For example, in 2016, the
European Union and United States agreed to a transfer framework for data transferred from the European Union to the
United States, called the Privacy Shield, but the Privacy Shield was invalidated in July 2020 by the Court of
Justice of the European Union (CJEU). In addition, the other bases upon which Meta relies to transfer such data,
such as Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs), have been subjected to regulatory and judicial scrutiny. For example,
the CJEU considered the validity of SCCs as a basis to
                                                        77                                                         
Table of Contents
transfer user data from the European Union to the United States following a challenge brought by the Irish Data
Protection Commission (IDPC). Although the CJEU upheld the validity of SCCs in July 2020, on May 12, 2023, the IDPC
issued a Final Decision concluding that Meta Platforms Ireland’s reliance on SCCs in respect of certain transfers
of European Economic Area (EEA) Facebook user data was not in compliance with the GDPR. The IDPC issued an
administrative fine of EUR €1.2 billion as well as corrective orders requiring Meta Platforms Ireland to suspend
the relevant transfers and to bring its processing operations into compliance with Chapter V GDPR by ceasing the
unlawful processing, including storage, of such data in the United States. We are appealing this Final Decision and
it is currently subject to an interim stay from the Irish High Court.

On March 25, 2022, the European Union and United States announced that they had reached an agreement in principle
on a new EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF). On October 7, 2022, President Biden signed the Executive
Order on Enhancing Safeguards for United States Signals Intelligence Activities (E.O.), and on June 30, 2023, the
European Union and the three additional countries making up the EEA were designated by the United States Attorney
General as a “qualifying state” under Section 3(f) of the E.O. On July 10, 2023, the European Commission adopted an
adequacy decision in relation to the United States. The adequacy decision concludes that the United States ensures
an adequate level of protection for personal data transferred from the European Union to organizations in the
United States that are included in the “Data Privacy Framework List,” maintained and made publicly available by the
United States Department of Commerce pursuant to the EU-U.S. DPF. The implementation of the EU-U.S. DPF and the
adequacy decision are important and welcome milestones, and we have implemented steps to comply with the above
corrective orders following engagement with the IDPC. The EU-U.S. DPF replaces two prior adequacy frameworks which
were invalidated by the CJEU. A further invalidation of the EU-U.S. DPF by the CJEU could create considerable
uncertainty and lead to us being unable to offer a number of our most significant products and services, including
Facebook and Instagram, in Europe, which would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition,
and results of operations.

In addition, we have been managing investigations and lawsuits in India and other jurisdictions regarding the 2021
updates to WhatsApp's terms of service and privacy policy and its sharing of certain data with other Meta products
and services, including a lawsuit currently pending before the Supreme Court of India and an order by the
Competition Commission of India, which we are appealing. If we are unable to transfer data between and among
countries and regions in which we operate, or if we are restricted from sharing data among our products and
services, it could affect our ability to provide our services, the manner in which we provide our services or our
ability to target ads, which could adversely affect our financial results.

We have been subject to other significant legislative and regulatory developments, which together with proposed or
new legislation and regulations could significantly affect our business in the future. For example, we have
implemented a number of product changes and controls as a result of requirements under the European General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR), and may implement additional changes in the future. The GDPR also requires submission
of personal data breach notifications to our lead European Union privacy regulator, the IDPC, and includes
significant penalties for non-compliance with the notification obligation as well as other requirements of the
regulation. The interpretation of the GDPR is still evolving, including through decisions of the CJEU, and draft
decisions in investigations by the IDPC are subject to review by other European privacy regulators as part of the
GDPR's consistency mechanism, which may lead to significant changes in the final outcome of such investigations. We
also face potential enforcement from European privacy regulators other than the IDPC, including where those
regulators consider they must act urgently or where they believe their concerns relate only to data processing
undertaken in their individual jurisdiction. As a result, the interpretation and enforcement of the GDPR, as well
as the imposition and amount of penalties for non-compliance, are subject to significant uncertainty, and as it
evolves, could potentially have a negative impact on our business and/or our operations. In addition, Brazil, the
United Kingdom, and other countries have enacted similar data protection regulations imposing data privacy-related
requirements on products and services offered to users in their respective jurisdictions. The California Consumer
Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (CCPA), also establishes certain transparency rules
and creates certain data privacy rights for users, including limitations on our use of certain sensitive personal
information and more ability for users to control the purposes for which their data is shared with third parties.
Other states have proposed or enacted similar comprehensive privacy laws that afford users with similar data
privacy rights and controls. These laws and regulations are evolving and subject to interpretation, and resulting
limitations on our advertising services, or reductions of advertising by marketers, have to some extent adversely
affected, and will continue to adversely affect, our advertising business. Some states have also proposed or
enacted laws specifically focused on whether and how a company can moderate content on its services, and/or on the
privacy rights and controls for users under 18 years old and their parents or guardians. Like comprehensive privacy
laws, these laws are evolving and subject to interpretation, and may restrict our ability to offer certain products
and services provided to all or certain cohorts of users in those states, adversely affecting our advertising
business. In Europe, evolving interpretation of the
                                                        78                                                         
Table of Contents
ePrivacy Directive's requirements regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies may lead to regulators
imposing specific measures in the future which could directly impact our use of such technologies. In addition, the
ePrivacy Directive and national implementation laws impose additional limitations on the use of data across
messaging products and include significant penalties for non-compliance. Changes to our products or business
practices as a result of these or similar developments have adversely affected, and may in the future adversely
affect, our advertising business. For example, in response to regulatory developments in Europe, we announced plans
to change the legal basis for behavioral advertising on Facebook and Instagram in the European Union, European
Economic Area, and Switzerland from "legitimate interests" to "consent," and in November 2023 we began offering
users in the region a "subscription for no ads" alternative. We are engaging with regulators on our consent model,
including regarding compliance with requirements under the GDPR, DMA, and EU consumer laws. For example, in March
2024, the European Commission opened formal proceedings regarding the compliance of our "subscription for no ads"
model with requirements under the DMA, and it issued preliminary findings in July 2024. In addition, the European
Data Protection Board has published an opinion on the operation of such models under GDPR and European consumer
protection organizations have raised concerns regarding our compliance with consumer protection laws. In response
to these developments, in November 2024, we began offering users in the European Union, European Economic Area, and
Switzerland who elect to continue using our services free-of-charge, supported by ads, an option to see less
personalized ads (LPA), which are less relevant and effective than our premium ad offerings. In April 2025, the
European Commission issued a final decision that our "subscription for no ads" model does not comply with such
requirements. We made significant modifications to LPA since the European Commission issued its final decision. We
have appealed the European Commission's decision but cannot rule out that further fines or modifications to our
model may be imposed during the appeal process, which could result in a materially worse user experience for
European users and a significant impact to our European business and revenue as early as later in the third quarter
of 2025. These or any similar developments in the future may negatively impact our user growth and engagement,
revenue, and financial results.

Similarly, there are a number of legislative proposals or recently enacted laws in the European Union, the United
States, at both the federal and state level, as well as other jurisdictions that could impose new obligations or
limitations in areas affecting our business. For example, the DMA in the European Union imposes restrictions and
requirements on companies like ours, including in areas such as the combination of data across services, mergers
and acquisitions, and product design. The DMA also includes significant penalties for non-compliance, and its key
requirements are enforceable against designated gatekeeper companies as of March 2024. The DMA has caused, and may
in the future cause, us to incur significant compliance costs and make changes to our products or business
practices. The requirements under the DMA will likely be subject to further interpretation and regulatory
engagement. Pending or future proposals to modify competition laws in a number of jurisdictions could have similar
effects. Further, the DSA, which started to apply to our business as of August 2023, imposes certain restrictions
and requirements for our products and services, subjects us to increased compliance costs, and includes significant
penalties for non-compliance. The interpretation and enforcement of the DMA and the DSA, as well as the imposition
and amount of penalties for non-compliance, are subject to significant uncertainty. In addition, some countries,
such as the UK, India, and Turkey, are considering or have passed legislation implementing data protection
requirements, new competition requirements, or requiring local storage and processing of data or similar
requirements that could require substantial changes to our products, increase the cost and complexity of delivering
our services, cause us to cease the offering of our products and services in certain countries, and/or result in
fines or other penalties. We are also subject to new legislation or regulatory decisions that restrict our ability
to collect and use information about minors or also limit our advertising services or our ability to offer products
and services to minors in certain jurisdictions. For example, several U.S. states, including Arkansas, California,
Florida, New York, Texas, and Utah, among others, have passed laws restricting our ability to offer services to
minors without parental consent or otherwise limiting the services that we can provide to minors. While enforcement
of a number of these statutes (or parts of them) has been enjoined or stayed as a result of legal challenges to
them, it is possible that the decisions to enjoin these statutes may be overturned, the injunctive orders may
expire, and certain statutes are coming into effect that may not be subject to injunctions. Should enforcement of
one or more of these statutes not be enjoined, we may not be able to comply with certain of these statutes by their
respective effective dates. We are facing similar challenges in other jurisdictions, including Europe and Asia-
Pacific. For example, various EU member states are currently considering a range of legislation from mandatory age
verification requirements to banning minor access to social media services. In addition, recent legislation in
Australia imposes a social media ban for users under 16 years old that is expected to be effective by December
2025, requiring certain social media companies to take reasonable steps to ensure under 16 year olds do not create
user accounts. As a result of legislative proposals, new laws, and evolving interpretation of existing laws in
Europe, Asia-Pacific, and other jurisdictions, we are also, and expect to continue to be, subject to new
requirements relating to allegedly fraudulent or illegal activities by third parties on our platform, which could
continue to cause us to incur significant compliance costs or make changes to our products or business practices,
and could subject us to additional fines and penalties or liability for losses to users or other third parties in
such transactions. In addition, the Province of British Columbia has considered, and may in the future consider, a
bill that would permit the
                                                        79                                                         
Table of Contents
government to recover public health-related costs potentially associated with providing goods and services in
British Columbia, including potentially social media services.

We are also subject to disclosure, reporting, and diligence requirements regarding our social and environmental
risks and initiatives. There has been increased focus on these initiatives by many regulators, investors, and other
stakeholders and any actual or perceived failure by us to comply with applicable federal, state, local or
international laws and regulations could result in legal and regulatory proceedings against us and materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

These laws and regulations, as well as any associated claims, inquiries, or investigations or any government
actions, have led to, and may in the future lead to, unfavorable outcomes including increased compliance costs,
changes to our products, loss of revenue, delays or impediments in the development of new products, negative
publicity and reputational harm, increased operating costs, diversion of management time and attention, and
remedies that harm our business, including fines, damages, or orders that we modify or cease existing business
practices.

We have been and remain subject to regulatory and other government investigations, enforcement actions, and
settlements, and we expect to continue to be subject to such proceedings and other inquiries in the future, which
could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner materially
adverse to our business.

We receive formal and informal inquiries from government authorities and regulators regarding our compliance with
laws and regulations, many of which are evolving and subject to interpretation. We are and expect to continue to be
the subject of investigations, inquiries, data requests, requests for information, actions, and audits in the
United States, Europe, and around the world, particularly in the areas of privacy, data use, data combination, and
data protection, including with respect to processing of sensitive data, data from third parties, data for
advertising purposes, data security, minors, data subject rights, safety, law enforcement, consumer protection,
civil rights, content and content moderation, use of our platform for illegal, illicit, or otherwise objectionable
activity, competition, AI, generative AI, and machine learning. In addition, we are currently, and may in the
future be, subject to regulatory orders or consent decrees. For example, data protection, competition, content, and
consumer protection authorities in the European Union, United States, and other jurisdictions have initiated
actions, investigations, or administrative orders seeking to restrict the ways in which we collect and use
information, or impose sanctions, and other authorities may do the same. In addition, we have been and continue to
be the subject of litigation and investigations related to the ways in which we collect and use information,
including where advertisers are subject to additional regulation such as housing, employment, credit, and financial
services. In addition, beginning in March 2018, we became subject to FTC, state attorneys general, and other
government inquiries in the United States, Europe, and other jurisdictions in connection with our platform and user
data practices as well as the misuse of certain data by a developer that shared such data with third parties in
violation of our terms and policies. In July 2019, we entered into a settlement and modified consent order to
resolve the FTC inquiry, which took effect in April 2020 and, among other things, required us to significantly
enhance our practices and processes for privacy compliance and oversight. The state attorneys general inquiries and
litigation, and certain government inquiries in other jurisdictions remain ongoing. The FTC also continues to
monitor us and our compliance with the modified consent order and initiated an administrative proceeding against
us, which we are challenging at the agency and in federal court, that alleges deficient compliance and violations
of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), the COPPA Rule, and Section 5 of the Federal Trade
Commission Act and seeks changes to our business. If we are unsuccessful in our challenge to the FTC's action and
the agency imposes its proposed order in its current form, we would be subject to significant limitations,
including on our ability to launch new and modified products or use data of users under 18 years old. We also
notify the IDPC, our lead European Union privacy regulator under the GDPR, and other regulators of certain other
personal data breaches and privacy issues, issue similar notifications to European regulators under other laws
(such as UK GDPR and Member State implementations of the ePrivacy Directive), and are subject to inquiries and
investigations by the IDPC and other regulators regarding various aspects of our regulatory compliance. In
addition, we are subject to inquiries and investigations by the European Commission regarding our compliance with
various provisions of the DSA relating to the use of Facebook and Instagram, including matters related to
elections, content reporting and appeals, third-party access to data, political content recommendations, potential
deceptive advertising and disinformation, and minors and other vulnerable users. We have been, and may in the
future be, subject to penalties, fines, and requirements to change our business practices as a result of such
inquiries and investigations. In addition, in July 2024, we entered into a settlement to resolve a lawsuit by the
state of Texas in connection with the "tag suggestions" feature and other uses of facial recognition technology.
                                                        80                                                         
Table of Contents
We are also subject to various litigation and formal and informal inquiries and investigations by competition
authorities in the United States, Europe, and other jurisdictions, which relate to many aspects of our business,
including with respect to users and advertisers. Such inquiries, investigations, and lawsuits concern, among other
things, our business practices in the areas of social networking or social media services, messaging services,
digital advertising, and/or mobile or online applications, as well as our acquisitions. For example, beginning in
2019, we became the subject of antitrust inquiries and investigations by the FTC and the U.S. Department of
Justice. Beginning in 2020, we became subject to a lawsuit by the FTC alleging that we violated antitrust laws,
including by acquiring Instagram in 2012 and WhatsApp in 2014. The complaint seeks a permanent injunction against
our company's alleged violations of the antitrust laws, and other equitable relief, including divestiture or
reconstruction of Instagram and WhatsApp. In addition, in November 2024, the European Commission issued a fine as a
result of its finding that we tied Facebook Marketplace to Facebook and use data in a manner that infringes
European Union competition rules. We are also subject to other government inquiries and investigations relating to
our business activities and disclosure practices. For example, beginning in September 2021, we became subject to
government investigations and requests relating to allegations and the release of internal company documents by a
former employee.

Orders issued by, or inquiries or enforcement actions initiated by, government or regulatory authorities could
cause us to incur substantial costs, expose us to civil and criminal liability (including liability for our
personnel) or penalties (including substantial monetary remedies), interrupt or require us to change our business
practices in a manner materially adverse to our business (including changes to our products or user data
practices), result in negative publicity and reputational harm, divert resources and the time and attention of
management from our business, or subject us to other structural or behavioral remedies that adversely affect our
business, and we have experienced some of these adverse effects to varying degrees from time to time.

Compliance with our FTC consent order, the GDPR, U.S. state privacy laws, youth social media laws, the ePrivacy
Directive, the DMA, the DSA, and other regulatory and legislative privacy requirements require significant
operational resources and modifications to our business practices, and any compliance failures may have a material
adverse effect on our business, reputation, and financial results.

We are engaged in ongoing privacy compliance and oversight efforts, including in connection with our modified
consent order with the FTC, requirements of the GDPR and UK GDPR, and other current and anticipated regulatory and
legislative requirements around the world, such as U.S. state privacy laws, youth social media laws, the ePrivacy
Directive, DMA, DSA, EU AI Act, the Korean Personal Information Protection Act, and the Indian Digital Personal
Data Protection Act. In particular, we are maintaining a comprehensive privacy program in connection with the FTC
consent order that includes substantial management and board of directors oversight, stringent operational
requirements and reporting obligations, prohibitions against making misrepresentations relating to user data, a
process to regularly certify our compliance with the privacy program to the FTC, and regular assessments of our
privacy program by an independent third-party assessor, which has been and will continue to be challenging and
costly to maintain and enhance. These compliance and oversight efforts are increasing demand on our systems and
resources, and require significant new and ongoing investments, including investments in compliance processes,
personnel, and technical infrastructure. We continually reallocate resources internally to assist with these
efforts, and this has had, and will continue to have, an adverse impact on our other business initiatives. In
addition, these efforts require substantial modifications to our business practices and make some practices such as
product and ads development more difficult, time-consuming, and costly. As a result, we believe our ability to
develop and launch new features, products, and services in a timely manner has been and will continue to be
adversely affected. Further, our privacy compliance and oversight efforts have required, and we expect will
continue to require, significant time and attention from our management and board of directors. The requirements of
the FTC consent order and other privacy-related laws and regulations are complex and apply broadly to our business,
and from time to time we notify relevant authorities of instances where we are not in full compliance with these
requirements or otherwise discover privacy issues, and we expect to continue to do so as any such issues arise in
the future. In addition, regulatory and legislative privacy requirements are constantly evolving and can be subject
to significant change and uncertain interpretation. For example, we are subject to restrictions and requirements
under the DMA, including in areas such as the combination of data across services and product design, which will
likely be subject to further interpretation and regulatory engagement.

The FTC initiated an administrative proceeding against us alleging, among other things, deficient compliance with
the FTC consent order and seeking substantial modifications to the requirements of the consent order, including a
prohibition on our use of minors' data for any commercial purposes, changes to the composition of our board of
directors, and significant limitations on our ability to modify and launch new products. We are challenging the
FTC's administrative proceeding. If the challenge is unsuccessful and the FTC is able to impose the proposed order
in its current form, it would limit our ability to
                                                        81                                                         
Table of Contents
provide certain features and services, engage in certain business practices, require us to further increase the
time, resources, and costs we spend on compliance and oversight efforts, and would adversely affect our business
and financial results.

If we are unable to successfully implement and comply with the mandates of the FTC consent order (including any
future modifications to the order), GDPR and UK GDPR, U.S. state privacy laws, youth social media laws, ePrivacy
Directive, DMA, DSA, or other regulatory or legislative requirements, or if any relevant authority believes that we
are in violation of the consent order or other applicable requirements, we may be subject to regulatory or
governmental investigations or lawsuits, which may result in significant monetary fines or damages (including for
loss of control of data without other damage), judgments, penalties, or other remedies, and we may also be required
to make additional changes to our business practices. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on
our business, reputation, and financial results.

We may incur liability as a result of information retrieved from or transmitted over the internet or published
using our products or as a result of claims related to our products, and legislation regulating content on our
platform may require us to change our products or business practices and may adversely affect our business and
financial results.

We have faced, currently face, and will continue to face claims and government and regulatory inquiries relating to
information or content that is published or made available on our products, including claims, inquiries, and
investigations relating to our policies, algorithms, and enforcement decisions with respect to such information or
content. In particular, the nature of our business exposes us to claims and inquiries related to defamation,
dissemination of misinformation or news hoaxes, deceptive and fraudulent advertising, sanctions, discrimination,
harassment, intellectual property rights, rights of publicity and privacy, personal injury torts, laws regulating
hate speech or other types of content, on- or offline safety and well-being (such as acts of violence, terrorism,
improper promotion or distribution of pharmaceuticals and illicit drugs, human exploitation, child exploitation,
illegal gaming, and other fraudulent or otherwise illegal activity), products liability, consumer protection, and
breach of contract, among others. For example, over the last several years we have seen an increase in claims
brought by or on behalf of younger users, including claims related to well-being issues based on allegedly harmful
content that is shared on or recommended by our products. In addition, we have been subject to litigation alleging
that our ad targeting and delivery practices constitute violations of anti-discrimination laws.

The potential risks relating to any of the foregoing types of claims are currently enhanced in certain
jurisdictions outside the United States where our protection from liability for third-party actions may be unclear
or where we may be less protected under local laws than we are in the United States. For example, in April 2019,
the European Union passed a directive (the European Copyright Directive) expanding online platform liability for
copyright infringement and regulating certain uses of news content online, which the EU member states have since
implemented into their national laws. In addition, the European Union revised the European Audiovisual Media
Service Directive to apply to online video-sharing platforms, which member states are implementing. Additionally,
in June 2025, the Brazilian Supreme Court partially invalidated the country's intermediary liability framework,
which previously limited platform responsibility for third-party content. The new court-established liability
framework requires platforms to remove unlawful content upon private notice and to implement adequate measures to
prevent and remove illegal ads and content related to certain crimes under local law, resulting in civil liability
in case of non-compliance. As a result, we anticipate making product and operational changes to our content
reporting processes in Brazil and may face increased litigation and/or regulatory enforcement. In the United
States, in 2023, the U.S. Supreme Court heard oral argument in a matter in which the scope of the protections
available to online platforms under Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act (Section 230) was at issue, but
it ultimately declined to address Section 230 in its decision. There also have been, and continue to be, various
other litigation concerning, and state and federal legislative and executive efforts to remove or restrict, the
scope of the protections under Section 230, as well as to impose new obligations on online platforms with respect
to commerce listings, user access and content, including electoral-related and AI-generated content, counterfeit
goods and copyright-infringing material, and our current protections from liability for third-party content in the
United States could decrease or change. We could incur significant costs investigating and defending such claims
and, if we are found liable, significant damages.

We could also face fines, orders restricting or blocking our services in particular geographies, or other judicial
or government-imposed remedies as a result of content hosted on our services. For example, legislation in Germany
and India has resulted, and may result in the future, in the imposition of fines or other penalties for failure to
comply with certain content removal, law enforcement cooperation, and disclosure obligations. Numerous other
countries in Europe, the Middle East, Asia-Pacific, and Latin America are considering or have implemented similar
legislation imposing liability or potentially significant penalties, including fines, service throttling, or
advertising bans, for failure to remove certain types of content or follow certain processes. For example, we have
been subject to fines and may in the future be subject to other
                                                        82                                                         
Table of Contents
penalties in connection with social media legislation in Turkey, and we have been subject to fines and service
blocking and prohibition in Russia. Content-related legislation also has required us, and may require us in the
future, to change our products or business practices, increase our costs, or otherwise impact our operations or our
ability to provide services in certain geographies. For example, the European Copyright Directive requires certain
online services to obtain authorizations for copyrighted content or to implement measures to prevent the
availability of that content, which may require us to make substantial investments in compliance processes. Member
states' laws implementing the European Copyright Directive may also require online platforms to pay for content. In
addition, our products and services are subject to restrictions and requirements, and we are subject to increased
compliance costs, and potential fines or other penalties in the event of non-compliance, as a result of the Digital
Services Act in the European Union, which started to apply to our business as of August 2023, and other content-
related legislative developments such as the Online Safety and Media Regulation Act in Ireland and the Online
Safety Act in the United Kingdom. Certain countries and U.S. states have also implemented or proposed legislation
that may require us to pay publishers for certain news content shared on our products. For example, as a result of
such legislation in Canada, we have ended the availability of news content for Canadian users on Facebook and
Instagram. In the United States, changes to the protections available under Section 230 or the First Amendment to
the U.S. Constitution or new state or federal content-related legislation or investigations may increase our costs
or require significant changes to our products, business practices, or operations, which could adversely affect
user growth and engagement.

Any of the foregoing events could adversely affect our business and financial results.

Payment-related activities may subject us to additional regulatory requirements, regulatory actions, and other
risks that could be costly and difficult to comply with or that could harm our business.

Several of our products offer Payments functionality, including enabling our users to purchase tangible, virtual,
and digital goods from merchants and developers that offer applications using our Payments infrastructure, send
money to other users, and make donations to certain charitable organizations, among other activities. We are
subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States, Europe, and elsewhere, including those governing
anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing, money transmission, stored value, gift cards and other
prepaid access instruments, electronic funds transfer, virtual currency, consumer protection, charitable
fundraising, economic sanctions, and import and export restrictions. In addition, we could become subject to new
consumer protection laws and regulations that may be adopted or amended, including those related to payments
activity as well as sharing, collection, and use of payments-related data. Depending on how our Payments products
evolve, we may also be subject to other laws and regulations including those governing gambling, banking, and
lending. In some jurisdictions, the application or interpretation of these laws and regulations is not clear. We
have received certain payments licenses in the United States and other jurisdictions for our regulated Payments-
related products and activities. These licenses increase flexibility in how our use of Payments may evolve, help
mitigate regulatory uncertainty, and will generally require us to demonstrate compliance with many domestic and
foreign laws in relation to our regulated Payments products and activities. Our efforts to comply with these laws
and regulations could be costly and result in diversion of management time and attention and may still not
guarantee compliance. In the event that we are found to be in violation of any such legal or regulatory
requirements, we may be subject to monetary fines or other penalties such as a cease and desist order, or we may be
required to make product changes, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results.

In addition, we are subject to a variety of additional risks as a result of Payments transactions, including:
increased costs and diversion of management time and attention and other resources to address bad transactions or
customer disputes; potential fraudulent or otherwise illegal activity by users, developers, employees, or third
parties; restrictions on the investment of consumer funds used to transact Payments; and additional disclosure and
reporting requirements. We have also launched payments functionality on certain of our applications and may in the
future undertake additional payments initiatives, including as part of our metaverse efforts, which may subject us
to many of the foregoing risks and additional licensing requirements.
                  Risks Related to Data, Security, Platform Integrity, and Intellectual Property                   
Security breaches, improper access to or disclosure of our data or user data, other hacking and phishing attacks on
our systems, or other cyber incidents could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business.

Our industry is prone to cyber-attacks by parties seeking unauthorized access to our data or users' data or to
disrupt our ability to provide service or otherwise harm us. Our products and services involve the collection,
storage, processing, and transmission of a large amount of data. Any failure to prevent or mitigate security
breaches and improper access to or
                                                        83                                                         
Table of Contents
disclosure of our data or user data, including personal information, content, or payment information from users, or
information from marketers, could result in the loss, modification, disclosure, destruction, or other misuse of
such data, which could harm our business and reputation and diminish our competitive position. In addition,
computer malware, viruses, social engineering (such as spear phishing attacks), scraping, and general hacking
continue to be prevalent in our industry, have occurred on our systems, and will occur on our systems in the
future. We also regularly encounter attempts to create false or undesirable user accounts, purchase ads, or take
other actions on our platform for purposes such as spamming, spreading misinformation, or other illegal, illicit,
or otherwise objectionable ends. As a result of our prominence, the size of our user base, the types and volume of
personal data and content on our systems, and the evolving nature of our products and services (including our
efforts involving new and emerging technologies), we believe that we are a particularly attractive target for such
breaches and attacks, including from nation states and highly sophisticated, state-sponsored, or otherwise well-
funded actors, and we experience heightened risk from time to time as a result of geopolitical events. Our efforts
to address undesirable activity on our platform also increase the risk of retaliatory attacks. Such breaches and
attacks may cause interruptions to the services we provide, degrade the user experience or otherwise adversely
affect users, cause users or marketers to lose confidence and trust in our products, impair our internal systems,
or result in financial harm to us. Our efforts to protect our company data or the information we receive, and to
prevent or disable undesirable activities on our platform, may also be unsuccessful due to software bugs,
misconfigurations, vulnerabilities, or other technical malfunctions; employee, contractor, or vendor error or
malfeasance; social engineering or other cyber-attacks directed towards our personnel or their access; misuse of
company data or systems by our personnel; defects or vulnerabilities in our vendors' information technology systems
or offerings; government exploitation or surveillance; breaches of physical security of our facilities, technical
infrastructure, or other equipment; or other threats that evolve. In addition, other parties may attempt to
fraudulently or maliciously induce employees, contractors, vendors, or users to disclose information in order to
gain access to our data or our users' data. Cyber-attacks continue to evolve in sophistication and volume, and
inherently may be difficult to detect for long periods of time. Although we have developed systems and processes
that are designed to protect our data and user data, to reduce the risk of data loss or misuse, to disable
undesirable accounts and activities on our platform, and to reduce the risk of or detect security breaches, such
measures will not provide absolute security, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to react in a timely
manner to any cyber-attacks or other security incidents, or that our remediation efforts will be successful. Our
business and operations span numerous geographies around the world and involve thousands of employees, contractors,
vendors, developers, partners, and other third parties. At any given time, we face known and unknown cybersecurity
risks and threats that are not fully mitigated, and we discover vulnerabilities in our security efforts.

In addition, some of our developers or other partners, such as those that help us measure the effectiveness of ads,
may receive or store information provided by us or by our users through mobile or web applications integrated with
our products. We provide limited information to such third parties based on the scope of services provided to us.
However, if these third parties or developers fail to adopt or adhere to adequate data security practices, or in
the event of a breach of their networks, our data or our users' data may be improperly accessed, used, or
disclosed.

We regularly experience such cyber-attacks and other security incidents of varying degrees, and we incur
significant costs in protecting against or remediating such incidents. In addition, we are subject to a variety of
laws and regulations in the United States and abroad relating to cybersecurity and data protection, including the
GDPR and EU member state laws implementing the EU Cybersecurity Directive (NIS2), as well as obligations under our
modified consent order with the FTC. As a result, government authorities, affected users, or other parties could
initiate legal or regulatory actions against us in connection with any actual or perceived security breaches,
improper access to or disclosure of data, or other cybersecurity issues, which has occurred in the past and which
could cause us to incur significant expense and liability or result in orders or consent decrees forcing us to
modify our business practices. Such incidents or our efforts to remediate such incidents may also result in a
decline in our active user base or engagement levels. Any of these events could have a material and adverse effect
on our business, reputation, or financial results.

Intentional misuse of our services and user data and other undesirable activity by third parties on our platform
could adversely affect our business.

We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, intentional misuse of our services and user data by
third parties, as well as other undesirable, illicit, or high-risk activity on our platform. We are making
significant investments in privacy, safety, security, and content and advertising review efforts to combat these
activities, including investigations and audits of platform applications, as well as other enforcement efforts. We
have discovered and announced, and anticipate that we will continue to discover and announce, additional incidents
of misuse of user data or other undesirable or illicit activity by third parties or malfeasant internal actors. We
will not discover all such incidents or activity, whether as a result of our data or technical limitations,
including our lack of visibility over our encrypted services, the scale of activity on our platform,
                                                        84                                                         
Table of Contents
the allocation of resources to other projects, or other factors, and we may be notified of such incidents or
activity by the independent privacy assessor required under our modified consent order with the FTC, government
authorities, the media, or other third parties.

Such incidents and activities include the use of user data or our systems in a manner inconsistent with our terms,
contracts or policies, the existence of hacked, false or undesirable user accounts, election interference, improper
advertising practices, activities that threaten people's safety or well-being on- or offline (such as acts of
violence, terrorism, improper promotion or distribution of pharmaceuticals and illicit drugs, human exploitation,
child exploitation, and illegal gaming), instances of spamming, surveillance, scraping, data harvesting, unsecured
datasets, or spreading misinformation, or other fraudulent or otherwise illegal activity. From time to time we are
unsuccessful in our efforts to enforce our policies or otherwise prevent or remediate any such incidents. We may
also be subject to increased risk as a result of changes to our content policies and enforcement efforts which we
began to implement in January 2025 to further free expression on our platform and mitigate over-enforcement of
certain of our content policies.

Consequences of any of the foregoing developments include negative effects on user trust and engagement, harm to
our reputation and brands, changes to our business practices in a manner adverse to our business, and adverse
effects on our business and financial results. Such developments have subjected, and may in the future subject, us
to additional litigation and regulatory inquiries, which could subject us to monetary penalties and damages, divert
management's time and attention, and lead to enhanced regulatory oversight.

Our products and internal systems rely on software and hardware that is highly technical, and any errors, bugs, or
vulnerabilities in these systems, or failures to address or mitigate technical limitations in our systems, could
adversely affect our business.

Our products and internal systems rely on software and hardware, including software and hardware developed or
maintained internally and/or by third parties (including open source software and the operating systems and
browsers which users rely on to run our applications and access our systems), that is highly technical and complex.
In addition, our products and internal systems depend on the ability of such software and hardware to store,
retrieve, process, and manage immense amounts of data. The software and hardware on which we rely has contained,
and will in the future contain, errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities, and our systems are subject to certain technical
limitations that may compromise our ability to meet our objectives. Some errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities
inherently may be difficult to detect and may only be discovered after the code has been released for external or
internal use. Errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, design defects, or technical limitations within the software and
hardware on which we rely, or human error or malfeasance in using such systems, have led to, and may in the future
lead to, outcomes including a negative experience or other adverse effects for users and marketers who use our
products, compromised ability of our products to perform in a manner consistent with our terms, contracts, or
policies, delayed product introductions or enhancements, targeting, measurement, or billing errors, compromised
ability to protect the data of our users and/or our intellectual property or other data, or reductions in our
ability to provide some or all of our services. For example, we make commitments to our users as to how their data
will be collected, used, shared, and retained within and across our products, and our systems are subject to
errors, bugs and technical limitations that may prevent us from fulfilling these commitments reliably. In addition,
any errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or defects in our systems or the software and hardware on which we rely,
failures to properly address or mitigate the technical limitations in our systems, or associated degradations or
interruptions of service or failures to fulfill our commitments to our users, have led to, and may in the future
lead to, outcomes including damage to our reputation, loss of users, loss of marketers, loss of revenue, regulatory
inquiries, litigation, or liability for fines, damages, or other remedies, any of which could adversely affect our
business and financial results.

If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, the value of our brands and other intangible assets may be
diminished, and our business may be adversely affected.

We rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of confidentiality, assignment, and license agreements with
our employees, consultants, and third parties with whom we have relationships, as well as trademark, copyright,
patent, trade secret, and domain name protection laws, to protect our proprietary rights. In the United States and
internationally, we have filed various applications for protection of certain aspects of our intellectual property,
and we currently hold a significant number of registered trademarks and issued patents in multiple jurisdictions
and have acquired patents and patent applications from third parties. Third parties may knowingly or unknowingly
infringe our proprietary rights, third parties may challenge proprietary rights held by us, and pending and future
trademark and patent applications may not be approved. In addition, effective intellectual property protection may
not be available in every country in which we operate or intend to operate our business. In any or all of these
cases, we may be required to expend significant time and expense in order to prevent
                                                        85                                                         
Table of Contents
infringement or to enforce our rights. Although we have generally taken measures to protect our proprietary rights,
there can be no assurance that others will not offer products or concepts that are substantially similar to ours
and compete with our business. In addition, we regularly contribute software source code under open source and
other permissive licenses and have made other technology we developed available under such licenses, and we include
open source software in our products. Additionally, our AI is trained on data sets that may include open source
software and the outputs of our AI may be subject to open source license restrictions or obligations. As a result
of our open source contributions and the use of open source in our products, we may license or be required to
license or disclose code and/or innovations that turn out to be material to our business and may also be exposed to
increased litigation risk. If the protection of our proprietary rights is inadequate to prevent unauthorized use or
appropriation by third parties, the value of our brands and other intangible assets may be diminished and
competitors may be able to more effectively mimic our products, services, and methods of operations. Any of these
events could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results.

We are currently, and expect to be in the future, party to patent, trademark, and copyright lawsuits and other
intellectual property rights claims that are expensive and time consuming and, if resolved adversely, could have a
significant impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.

Companies in the internet, technology, and media industries own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks,
and trade secrets, and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation, or
other violations of intellectual property or other rights, including in novel areas such as those relating to AI
training and AI outputs. In addition, various "non-practicing entities" that own patents and other intellectual
property rights often attempt to aggressively assert their rights in order to extract value from technology
companies. Furthermore, from time to time we may introduce or acquire new products, including in areas where we
historically have not competed, or introduce new features for existing products, which could increase our exposure
to intellectual property claims from competitors, non-practicing entities, and other rights holders.

From time to time, we receive notice from patent, copyright, and trademark holders and other parties alleging that
certain of our products and services, trademarks, or user content, infringe their intellectual property rights or
that certain employees may have misappropriated trade secrets from their former employers. We presently are
involved in a number of intellectual property lawsuits, and as we face increasing competition and develop new
products and services, we expect the number of intellectual property claims against us to grow. For example, we and
other companies are, and expect to continue to be, the subject of litigation in the United States, Europe, Canada,
and elsewhere alleging copyright infringement in connection with the acquisition, distribution, and use of
copyrighted materials for AI training as well as potential reproduction of copyrighted materials in AI outputs,
including cases addressing the applicability of the fair use defense in the United States. There can be no
assurances that favorable final outcomes will be obtained in these cases. In addition, plaintiffs may seek, and we
may become subject to, preliminary or provisional rulings in the course of any such litigation, including potential
preliminary injunctions requiring us to change or cease some or all of our operations. We may decide to settle such
lawsuits and disputes on terms that are unfavorable to us. Similarly, if any litigation to which we are a party is
resolved adversely, we may be subject to an unfavorable judgment that may not be reversed upon appeal. The terms of
such a settlement or judgment may require us to change or cease some or all of our operations or pay substantial
amounts to the other parties, including statutory damages to large numbers of copyright holders. For certain
jurisdictions, including the United States, statutory damages for copyright liability are calculated on a per work
basis. In addition, we may have to seek a license to continue practices found to be in violation of a third party's
rights, which may not be available on reasonable terms, or at all, and may significantly increase our operating
costs and expenses. As a result, we may also be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology or
practices, or branding or discontinue the practices or branding. The development of alternative non-infringing
technology, branding or practices could require significant effort and expense, could result in less effective
technology, branding or practices or otherwise negatively affect the user experience, or may not be feasible. We
have experienced unfavorable outcomes in such disputes and litigation in the past, and our business, financial
condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected as a result of an unfavorable
resolution of the disputes and litigation referred to above.
                                                        86                                                         
Table of Contents
                              Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock                               
The trading price of our Class A common stock has been and will likely continue to be volatile.

The trading price of our Class A common stock has been, and is likely to continue to be, volatile. Since shares of
our Class A common stock were sold in our initial public offering in May 2012 at a price of $38.00 per share, our
stock price has ranged from $17.55 to $747.90 through June 30, 2025. In addition to the factors discussed in this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the trading price of our Class A common stock has in the past fluctuated and may in
the future fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control,
including:

• actual or anticipated fluctuations in our revenue and other operating results for either of our reportable
segments;

• the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections, or our failure to meet
these projections;

• actions of securities analysts who initiate or maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any
securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of
investors;

• additional shares of our stock being sold into the market by us, our existing stockholders, or in connection with
acquisitions, or the anticipation of such sales;

• investor sentiment with respect to our competitors, our business partners, and our industry in general;

• announcements by us or our competitors of significant products or features, technical innovations, acquisitions,
strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments;

• announcements by us or estimates by third parties of actual or anticipated changes in the size of our user base,
the level of user engagement, or the effectiveness of our ad products;

• changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of technology companies in our industry, including
our developers and competitors;

• price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market, including as a result of trends in the economy as a
whole;

• the inclusion, exclusion, or deletion of our stock from any trading indices, such as the S&P 500 Index;

• media coverage of our business and financial performance;

• lawsuits threatened or filed against us, or developments in pending lawsuits;

• adverse government actions or legislative or regulatory developments relating to advertising, competition,
content, privacy, or other matters, including interim or final rulings by tax, judicial, or regulatory bodies;

• trading activity in our share repurchase program; and

• other events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, pandemics, and other
disruptive external events, or responses to these events.

In addition, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and
continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many technology companies. We are currently subject to
securities litigation in connection with our platform and user data practices and the misuse of certain data by a
developer that shared such data with third parties in violation of our terms and policies; the disclosure of our
earnings results for the second quarter of 2018; a former employee's allegations and release of internal company
documents beginning in September 2021; and the disclosure of our earnings results for the fourth quarter of 2021.
We may experience more such litigation following future periods of volatility. Any securities litigation could
subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business, and adversely
affect our business.
                                                        87                                                         
Table of Contents
The dual class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting control with our CEO and
certain other holders of our Class B common stock; this will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate
matters.

Our Class B common stock has ten votes per share and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. Holders of
our Class B common stock, including our founder, Chairman, and CEO, together hold a majority of the combined voting
power of our outstanding capital stock, and therefore are able to control the outcome of all matters submitted to
our stockholders for approval so long as the shares of Class B common stock represent at least 9.1% of all
outstanding shares of our Class A and Class B common stock. This concentrated control will limit or preclude your
ability to influence corporate matters for the foreseeable future.

Transfers by holders of Class B common stock will generally result in those shares converting to Class A common
stock, subject to limited exceptions, such as certain transfers effected for estate planning or charitable
purposes. The conversion of Class B common stock to Class A common stock will have the effect, over time, of
increasing the relative voting power of those holders of Class B common stock who retain their shares in the long
term. If, for example, Mr. Zuckerberg retains a significant portion of his holdings of Class B common stock for an
extended period of time, he could, in the future, continue to control a majority of the combined voting power of
our outstanding capital stock.

Our status as a "controlled company" could make our Class A common stock less attractive to some investors or
otherwise harm our stock price.

Because we qualify as a "controlled company" under the corporate governance rules for Nasdaq-listed companies, we
are not required to have a majority of our board of directors be independent, nor are we required to have a
compensation committee or an independent nominating function. In the future we could elect not to have a majority
of our board of directors be independent or not to have a compensation committee or an independent nominating
function. Accordingly, should the interests of our controlling stockholder differ from those of other stockholders,
the other stockholders may not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to
all of the corporate governance rules for Nasdaq-listed companies. Our status as a controlled company could make
our Class A common stock less attractive to some investors or otherwise harm our stock price.

Delaware law and provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could make a merger, tender offer, or
proxy contest difficult, thereby depressing the trading price of our Class A common stock.

Our status as a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may
discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an
interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested stockholder, even if a
change of control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our current certificate of
incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may make the acquisition of our company more difficult, including
the following:

• until the first date on which the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than 35% of the
combined voting power of our common stock, any transaction that would result in a change in control of our company
requires the approval of a majority of our outstanding Class B common stock voting as a separate class;

• we currently have a dual class common stock structure, which provides Mr. Zuckerberg with the ability to control
the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval, even if he owns significantly less than a majority of the
shares of our outstanding Class A and Class B common stock;

• when the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting
power of common stock, certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation or bylaws will require the approval
of two-thirds of the combined vote of our then-outstanding shares of Class A and Class B common stock;

• when the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting
power of our common stock, vacancies on our board of directors will be able to be filled only by our board of
directors and not by stockholders;

• when the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting
power of our common stock, our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors with staggered
three-year terms and directors will only be able to be removed from office for cause;
                                                        88                                                         
Table of Contents
• when the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock represent less than a majority of the combined voting
power of our common stock, our stockholders will only be able to take action at a meeting of stockholders and not
by written consent;

• only our board chair, our chief executive officer, our president, or a majority of our board of directors are
authorized to call a special meeting of stockholders;

• advance notice procedures apply for stockholders to nominate candidates for election as directors or to bring
matters before an annual meeting of stockholders;

• our certificate of incorporation authorizes undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established,
and shares of which may be issued, without stockholder approval; and

• certain litigation against us can only be brought in Delaware.
                                                        89                                                         
Table of Contents
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 2.                                                                                                        │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds                                                    │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                                                                   
  a) Sales of Unregistered Securities                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
None.
                                                                                                                   
  c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
The following table summarizes the share repurchase activity for the three months ended June 30, 2025:
                                                                                                                   
                                                                         Total Number of       Approximate Dollar  
                                                                        Shares Purchased          Value of Shares  
                                                                              as Part of          that May Yet Be  
                          Total Number of                             Publicly Announced          Purchased Under  
                         Shares Purchased       Average Price Paid           Programs(1)          the Programs(1)  
                           (in thousands)             per Share(2)        (in thousands)            (in millions)  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  April 1 - 30,                     9,103    $              526.85                 9,103    $              33,151  
  2025                                                                                                             
  May 1 - 31, 2025                  3,718    $              630.76                 3,718    $              30,807  
  June 1 - 30, 2025                 3,698    $              697.80                 3,698    $              28,226  
  Total                            16,519                                         16,519                           
                                                                                                                   
____________________________________
(1) On November 18, 2016, we announced that our board of directors had authorized a share repurchase program of our
Class A common stock, which commenced in January 2017 and does not have an expiration date. The timing and actual
number of shares repurchased depend on a variety of factors, including price, general business and market
conditions, and other investment opportunities, and shares may be repurchased through open market purchases or
privately negotiated transactions, including through the use of trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1
under the Exchange Act. See Note 9 — Stockholders' Equity in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for additional information related to share repurchases.

(2) Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases but excludes the 1% excise tax
accrued on our share repurchases as a result of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 5.                                                                                                        │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Other Information                                                                                              │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                                                                   
  Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
On May 5, 2025, Christopher K. Cox, our Chief Product Officer, entered into a trading planintended to satisfy the
affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The trading
plan provides for the sale of an aggregate of up to 75,000shares of our Class A common stock. The plan will
terminate on July 31, 2026, subject to early termination for certain specified events set forth in the plan.
                                                        90                                                         
Table of Contents
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 6.                                                                                                        │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Exhibits                                                                                                       │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                                                                   
  Exhibit                                          Incorporated                                          Filed     
  Number                                           by Reference                                          Herewith  
             Exhibit                       Form                    File No.    Exhibit    Filing Date              
             Description                                                                                           
                            2025 Equity                                                                            
  10.1+                     Incentive                                                                    X         
                            Plan.                                                                                  
                            2025 Equity                                                                            
                            Incentive                                                                              
  10.2+                     Plan forms                                                                   X         
                            of award                                                                               
                            agreements.                                                                            
                            Director                                                                               
  10.3+                     Compensati…                                                                  X         
                            Policy, as                                                                             
                            amended.                                                                               
                            Amended and                                                                            
                            Restated                                                                               
                            Deferred                                                                               
  10.4+                     Compensati…                                                                  X         
                            Plan for                                                                               
                            Non-Employ…                                                                            
                            Directors.                                                                             
                            Certificat…                                                                            
                            of Mark                                                                                
                            Zuckerberg,                                                                            
                            Chief                                                                                  
                            Executive                                                                              
                            Officer,                                                                               
                            pursuant to                                                                            
  31.1                      Rule                                                                         X         
                            13a-14(a)/…                                                                            
                            as adopted                                                                             
                            pursuant to                                                                            
                            Section 302                                                                            
                            of the                                                                                 
                            Sarbanes-O…                                                                            
                            Act of                                                                                 
                            2002.                                                                                  
                            Certificat…                                                                            
                            of Susan                                                                               
                            Li, Chief                                                                              
                            Financial                                                                              
                            Officer,                                                                               
                            pursuant to                                                                            
                            Rule                                                                                   
  31.2                      13a-14(a)/…                                                                  X         
                            as adopted                                                                             
                            pursuant to                                                                            
                            Section 302                                                                            
                            of the                                                                                 
                            Sarbanes-O…                                                                            
                            Act of                                                                                 
                            2002.                                                                                  
                            Certificat…                                                                            
                            of Mark                                                                                
                            Zuckerberg,                                                                            
                            Chief                                                                                  
                            Executive                                                                              
                            Officer,                                                                               
                            pursuant to                                                                            
                            18 U.S.C.                                                                              
  32.1#                     Section                                                                      X         
                            1350, as                                                                               
                            adopted                                                                                
                            pursuant to                                                                            
                            Section 906                                                                            
                            of the                                                                                 
                            Sarbanes-O…                                                                            
                            Act of                                                                                 
                            2002.                                                                                  
                            Certificat…                                                                            
                            of Susan                                                                               
                            Li, Chief                                                                              
                            Financial                                                                              
                            Officer,                                                                               
                            pursuant to                                                                            
                            18 U.S.C.                                                                              
  32.2#                     Section                                                                      X         
                            1350, as                                                                               
                            adopted                                                                                
                            pursuant to                                                                            
                            Section 906                                                                            
                            of the                                                                                 
                            Sarbanes-O…                                                                            
                            Act of                                                                                 
                            2002.                                                                                  
                            Inline XBRL                                                                            
                            Instance                                                                               
                            Document                                                                               
                            (the                                                                                   
                            instance                                                                               
                            document                                                                               
                            does not                                                                               
                            appear in                                                                              
  101.INS                   the                                                                          X         
                            Interactive                                                                            
                            Data File                                                                              
                            because its                                                                            
                            XBRL tags                                                                              
                            are                                                                                    
                            embedded                                                                               
                            within the                                                                             
                            Inline XBRL                                                                            
                            document).                                                                             
                            Inline XBRL                                                                            
                            Taxonomy                                                                               
  101.SCH                   Extension                                                                    X         
                            Schema                                                                                 
                            Document.                                                                              
                            Inline XBRL                                                                            
                            Taxonomy                                                                               
  101.CAL                   Extension                                                                    X         
                            Calculation                                                                            
                            Linkbase                                                                               
                            Document.                                                                              
                            Inline XBRL                                                                            
                            Taxonomy                                                                               
  101.DEF                   Extension                                                                    X         
                            Definition                                                                             
                            Linkbase                                                                               
                            Document.                                                                              
                            Inline XBRL                                                                            
                            Taxonomy                                                                               
  101.LAB                   Extension                                                                    X         
                            Labels                                                                                 
                            Linkbase                                                                               
                            Document.                                                                              
                            Inline XBRL                                                                            
                            Taxonomy                                                                               
  101.PRE                   Extension                                                                    X         
                            Presentati…                                                                            
                            Linkbase                                                                               
                            Document.                                                                              
                            Cover Page                                                                             
                            Interactive                                                                            
                            Data File                                                                              
                            (formatted                                                                             
  104                       as inline                                                                    X         
                            XBRL and                                                                               
                            contained                                                                              
                            in Exhibit                                                                             
                            101).                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
+ Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan.
# This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated
by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act.
                                                        91                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                                    SIGNATURES                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Menlo
Park, State of California, on this 30th day of July 2025.
                                                                                               
                         META PLATFORMS, INC.                                                  
  Date: July 30, 2025    /s/ SUSAN LI                                                          
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                         Susan LiChief Financial Officer(Principal Financial Officer)          
  Date: July 30, 2025    /s/ AARON ANDERSON                                                    
                         Aaron AndersonChief Accounting Officer(Principal Accounting Officer)  
                                                                                               
                                                        92                                                         
