                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                               WASHINGTON, DC 20549                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                  ______________                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934                                        
                                                                                                                   
                         Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): August 26, 2022                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                NVIDIA CORPORATION                                                 
                                                 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its  
  charter)                                       
                                                 
                                                                       
  Delaware                        0-23985         94-3177549           
  (State or other jurisdiction    (Commission     (IRS Employer        
  of incorporation)               File Number)    Identification No.)  
                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                 2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, CA 95051                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)                                
                                                                                                                   
                        Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 408) 486-2000                        
                                                                                                                   
                                                  Not Applicable                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                           (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)                           
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
                            Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                            
                                                                                                              
  Title of each class                         Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share    NVDA                 The Nasdaq Global Select Market            
                                                                                                              
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2
of this chapter).

Emerging Growth Company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
                                                                                                                   
  Item 8.01 Other Events                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
On August 26, 2022, the U.S. government, or USG, informed NVIDIA Corporation, or the Company, that the USG has
imposed a new license requirement, effective immediately, for any future export to China (including Hong Kong) and
Russia of the Company’s A100 and forthcoming H100 integrated circuits. DGX or any other systems which incorporate
A100 or H100 integrated circuits and the A100X are also covered by the new license requirement. The license
requirement also includes any future NVIDIA integrated circuit achieving both peak performance and chip-to-chip I/O
performance equal to or greater than thresholds that are roughly equivalent to the A100, as well as any system that
includes those circuits. A license is required to export technology to support or develop covered products. The USG
indicated that the new license requirement will address the risk that the covered products may be used in, or
diverted to, a ‘military end use’ or ‘military end user’ in China and Russia. The Company does not sell products to
customers in Russia.

The new license requirement may impact the Company's ability to complete its development of H100 in a timely manner
or support existing customers of A100 and may require the Company to transition certain operations out of China.
The Company is engaged with the USG and is seeking exemptions for the Company’s internal development and support
activities.

In addition, the Company is engaging with customers in China and is seeking to satisfy their planned or future
purchases of the Company’s Data Center products with products not subject to the new license requirement. To the
extent that a customer requires products covered by the new license requirement, the Company may seek a license for
the customer but has no assurance that the USG will grant any exemptions or licenses for any customer, or that the
USG will act on them in a timely manner.

The Company’s outlook for its third fiscal quarter provided on August 24, 2022 included approximately $400 million
in potential sales to China which may be subject to the new license requirement if customers do not want to
purchase the Company’s alternative product offerings or if the USG does not grant licenses in a timely manner or
denies licenses to significant customers.

Certain statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K including statements regarding the Company’s financial
outlook for the third quarter of fiscal 2023; the Company’s engagement with the USG seeking exemptions for the
Company’s internal development and support activities; the Company’s intent to seek licenses for sales to customers
of products subject to the new license requirement; and the Company’s engagement with customers to satisfy their
planned purchases of the Company’s Data Center products with products not subject to the new license requirement
are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to be
materially different than expectations. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
include: global economic conditions; our reliance on third parties to manufacture, assemble, package and test our
products; the impact of technological development and competition; development of new products and technologies or
enhancements to our existing product and technologies; market acceptance of our products or our partners’ products;
design, manufacturing or software defects; changes in consumer preferences or demands; changes in industry
standards and interfaces; unexpected loss of performance of our products or technologies when integrated into
systems; as well as other factors detailed from time to time in the most recent reports NVIDIA files with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including, but not limited to, its annual report on Form 10-K and
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Copies of reports filed with the SEC are posted on the company’s website and are
available from NVIDIA without charge. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and
speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as required by law, NVIDIA disclaims any obligation to update these
forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances.
                                                                                                                   
                                                     SIGNATURE                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                                                 
                           NVIDIA Corporation                                    
  Date: August 31, 2022    By:/s/ Colette M. Kress                               
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                           Colette M. Kress                                      
                           Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  
                                                                                 
