UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): May 31, 2022  
ZOOM VIDEO COMMUNICATIONS, INC. (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)                             
                                                                     
  Delaware                        001-38865      61-1648780          
  (State or Other Jurisdiction    -Commission    -IRS Employer       
  of Incorporation)               File Number    Identification No.  
                                                                     
                                                          
  55 Almaden Boulevard, 6th Floor San Jose,        95113  
  California                                              
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)     -Zip Code  
                                                          
(888) 799-9666 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) Not Applicable (Former Name or Former Address, 
if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-Kfiling is intended to simultaneously  
satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions    
A.2. below):                                                                                                       
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                                            
  Title of each class                       Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Class A Common Stock, $0.001 par value    ZM                   The Nasdaq Global Select Market            
  per share                                                                                                 
                                                                                                            
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2of
this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant   
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                                                                                                                   
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;      
Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
On May 31, 2022, Greg Tomb accepted Zoom Video Communications, Inc.’s (the “Company”) offer to join the Company as 
a President, effective June 7, 2022. In connection with Mr. Tomb’s appointment, on June 6, 2022, the Company’s     
board of directors determined that each of Ryan Azus and Janine Pelosi, who will report to Mr. Tomb, would no      
longer be an executive officer, as defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, effective as of  
Mr. Tomb’s appointment. Mr. Azus’s and Ms. Pelosi’s respective titles, duties, and responsibilities, remain        
unaffected by this determination.                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
Greg Tomb, age 57, has served as President, Zoom since June 2022. Prior to joining Zoom, Mr. Tomb served as Vice   
President of Workspace, Geo and Security Sales at Google Cloud, a cloud computing services company, from April 2021
until June 2022. Prior to that, Mr. Tomb had been with SAP, a multinational provider of enterprise application     
software and software-related services, since 2003, serving as President of SAP Cloud Sales and GTM from March 2020
to April 2021, as President of SAP SuccessFactors, from July 2017 to March 2020 and has held responsibilities for  
SAP HANA Enterprise Cloud business and SAP’s Global Services Organization. In addition to SAP, Mr. Tomb served as  
Chief Executive Officer of Vivido Labs and has held leadership positions at both Accenture Consulting and Comergent
Technologies. Mr. Tomb holds a Bachelor of Science in Engineering from Pennsylvania State University and an M.B.A  
from Loyola University of Chicago                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
In connection with his appointment, the Company and Mr. Tomb entered into an offer letter, which provides for a    
base salary of $400,000 per year, a target annual bonus of 8% of his base salary, and a grant of restricted stock  
units (“RSUs”) with a target grant date value of $45,000,000, which RSUs will vest over a four-year period, with   
3.125% of the RSUs vesting twice per fiscal quarter on the Company’s regularly scheduled quarterly vesting dates   
(commencing on the date of grant), subject to Mr. Tomb’s continued service with the Company through each such      
vesting date. The offer letter also provides for the following severance benefits if Mr. Tomb is subject to an     
involuntary termination that occurs during the period commencing three months prior to, and ending 12 months       
following, the effective date of a change in control (“Change in Control Period”): (i) the vesting of Mr. Tomb’s   
then outstanding equity awards will be accelerated such that 100% of such awards are deemed immediately vested and 
exercisable; (ii) a lump-sum cash payment equal to six months of his then-current base salary; and (iii) six months
of COBRA premiums. If Mr. Tomb is subject to an involuntary termination other than during a Change in Control      
Period, the vesting of his then-outstanding equity awards will be accelerated such that any portion of such awards 
that was scheduled to vest based on his continued services during the 12-month period following the date of his    
involuntary termination will be deemed immediately vested and exercisable.                                         
                                                                                                                   
Mr. Tomb has no direct or indirect material interest in any transaction required to be disclosed by the Company    
pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. Mr. Tomb has entered into the Company’s standard form of indemnification
agreement between the Company and its directors and executive officers.                                            
                                                                                                                   
SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                         
                                                                                        
  Dated: June 6, 2022         ZOOM VIDEO COMMUNICATIONS, INC.                           
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                         By:                                   /s/ Aparna Bawa          
                                                               Aparna Bawa              
                                                               Chief Operating Officer  
                                                                                        
