                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                             _________________________                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                             _________________________                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                      Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934                       
                                                                                                                   
                        Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 23, 2022                        
                                                                                                                   
                                             _________________________                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                          Zoom Video Communications, Inc.                                          
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)                               
                                                                                                                   
                                             _________________________                                             
                                                                                 
  Delaware                        001-38865                  61-1648780          
  (State or Other Jurisdiction    -Commission File Number    -IRS Employer       
  of Incorporation)                                          Identification No.  
                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                          55 Almaden Boulevard, 6th Floor                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                            San Jose, California 95113                                             
                                                                                                                   
                               (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code)                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                  (888) 799-9666                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                               (Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                  Not Applicable                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                           (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)                           
                                                                                                                   
                                             _________________________                                             
                                                                                                                   
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions A.2. below):
                                                                                                               
  ☐    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)                   
  ☐    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)                  
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                               
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                                                                            
  Title of each class                       Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Class A Common Stock, $0.001 par value    ZM                   The Nasdaq Global Select Market            
  per share                                                                                                 
                                                                                                            
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2
of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;
Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
                                                                                                                   
  Director Appointment                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
On February 23, 2022, the board of directors (“Board”) of Zoom Video Communications, Inc. (the “Company”) elected
William R. McDermott to the Board, effective March 1, 2022. Mr. McDermott was elected as a Class III director for a
term expiring at the Company’s 2022 annual meeting of stockholders. Mr. McDermott is not expected to join any of
the committees of the Board at this time.

Mr. McDermott has served as the Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of ServiceNow, Inc.,
a public digital workflow company, since November 2019. From 2010 through 2014, Mr. McDermott served as Co-Chief
Executive Officer, and from 2014 until October 2019, as sole Chief Executive Officer, of SAP SE (“SAP”), a
multinational software company providing enterprise software. Mr. McDermott joined SAP in 2002 as Chief Executive
Officer of SAP America, Inc., and served on the SAP Executive Board from 2008 until October 2019. Prior to joining
SAP, Mr. McDermott served as Executive Vice President of Worldwide Sales and Operations at Siebel Systems, Inc.
from 2001 to 2002 and served as President of Gartner, Inc. from 2000 to 2001. Mr. McDermott currently serves on the
board of directors of Fisker Inc., an automotive technology company. Mr. McDermott received a B.A. in business
management from Dowling College, received his M.B.A from Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management and
completed the Executive Development Program at the Wharton School of Business.

There is no arrangement or understanding between Mr. McDermott and any other persons pursuant to which he was
elected as a director. Mr. McDermott has no direct or indirect material interest in any transaction required to be
disclosed by the Company pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. Mr. McDermott will enter into the Company’s
standard form of indemnification agreement between the Company and its directors and executive officers.

Mr. McDermott will be compensated as a member of the Board under the terms of the Company’s Non-Employee Director
Compensation Policy, as amended in February 2022. Pursuant to the Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy, Mr.
McDermott will receive an initial grant of 476 restricted stock units. The restricted stock units granted to Mr.
McDermott will vest in full on the day immediately preceding Zoom’s 2022 annual meeting of stockholders.
                                                                                                                   
  Director Resignation                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
On February 23, 2022, Bart Swanson, a director of the Company, notified the Board of his decision to resign from
his position as a member of the Board, effective as of immediately prior to Mr. McDermott’s appointment. Mr.
Swanson’s resignation did not result from any disagreements with the Company on any matter relating to its
operations, policies or practices. The Board filled the vacancy created by Mr. Swanson’s resignation with the
appointment of Mr. McDermott and the size of the Board remains at ten directors following Mr. McDermott’s
appointment.
                                                                                                                   
                                                    SIGNATURES                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                                                          
                              Zoom Video Communications, Inc.                             
  Dated: February 28, 2022    By:                                /s/ Kelly Steckelberg    
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                 Kelly Steckelberg        
                                                                 Chief Financial Officer  
                                                                                          
