UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 25, 2025
Zoom Communications, Inc. (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)                                   
                                                                                 
  Delaware                        001-38865                  61-1648780          
  (State or Other Jurisdiction    -Commission File Number    -IRS Employer       
  of Incorporation)                                          Identification No.  
                                                                                 
55 Almaden Boulevard, 6th Floor San Jose, California 95113 (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code)   
(888) 799-9666 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) Not Applicable (Former Name or Former Address, 
if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-Kfiling is intended to simultaneously  
satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions    
A.2. below):                                                                                                       
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                                            
  Title of each class                       Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Class A Common Stock, $0.001 par value    ZM                   The Nasdaq Global Select Market            
  per share                                                                                                 
                                                                                                            
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2of
this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant   
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                           
  Item 8.01  Other Events  
                           
As previously reported, certain current and former officers and directors of Zoom Communications, Inc. (“Zoom” or  
the “Company”) have been named as defendants in a consolidated stockholder derivative action pending in the United 
States District Court for the District of Delaware (“Delaware District Court”), captioned In re Zoom Video         
Communications Inc. Stockholder Derivative Litigation, Case No. 1:20-cv-00797-GBW(“Consolidated Derivative         
Action”). On January 14, 2025, the parties in the Consolidated Derivative Action entered into a Stipulation of     
Settlement (“Stipulation”) to resolve the Consolidated Derivative Action (“Settlement”). The proposed Settlement of
the Consolidated Derivative Action was filed in the Delaware District Court on January 16, 2025, and on April 16,  
2025, the Delaware District Court entered an order preliminarily approving the Settlement. The Settlement remains  
subject to final approval by the Delaware District Court. Subject to final approval of the Settlement by the       
Delaware District Court, and in exchange for a release of all derivative claims and dismissal with prejudice of the
Consolidated Derivative Action, the Company has agreed, without admission of wrongdoing or liability, (i) to enact 
certain corporate governance reforms as set forth in Exhibit A to the Stipulation, and (ii) not to oppose          
plaintiff’s counsel’s request for a fee award not to exceed $1.35 million. The foregoing summary description of the
Stipulation is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Stipulation, including all exhibits thereto, a    
copy of which is filed herewith as Exhibit 99.1. Use of Forward-Looking Statements This Current Report on Form     
8-Kcontains forward-looking statements made pursuant to the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities     
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements, include, without limitation, those regarding: (i) the Stipulation  
resolving the Consolidated Derivative Action; (ii) the ability to secure final approval of the Settlement from the 
Delaware District Court and to satisfy all conditions of the Settlement; and (iii) other statements that are not   
historical facts, and instead constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve risks
and uncertainties that can cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties, include, without limitation, risks and uncertainties related to: (a) the Stipulation
not having the expected impact, including resolving the Consolidated Derivative Action; (b) Zoom’s ability to      
satisfy all the conditions of the Settlement on the anticipated timeline or at all; (c) the Delaware District      
Court’s final approval of the Settlement on the anticipated timeline or at all; (d) the Settlement requiring more  
activity or expense than expected; (e) Zoom’s ability to overcome any objections or appeals regarding the          
Settlement; (f) the sufficiency of Zoom’s cash resources to enable it to satisfy its obligations under the         
Settlement; (g) Zoom’s ability to successfully implement the corporate governance reforms set forth in the         
Stipulation; and (h) satisfactory resolution of pending and any future litigation or other disagreements with      
others. Additional information on the above risks and uncertainties and additional risks, uncertainties and factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are contained in 
Zoom’s filings and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the heading “Risk      
Factors” and elsewhere in such filings and reports, including Zoom’s Annual Report on Form 10-Kfor the fiscal year 
ended January 31, 2025, and future filings and reports by Zoom. Undue reliance should not be placed on forward-    
looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made, and the facts and assumptions underlying the    
forward-looking statements may change. Except as required by law, Zoom disclaims any obligation to update these    
forward-looking statements to reflect future information, events, or circumstances.                                
                                                 
  Item 9.01  Financial Statements And Exhibits.  
                                                 
(d) Exhibits                                                                                                       
                                                                                          
  Exhibit    Description                                                                  
  No.                                                                                     
  99.1       Stipulation of Settlement                                                    
  104        Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)  
                                                                                          
SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                                                    
  Dated: April 25, 2025    By:  ZOOM COMMUNICATIONS, INC.  /s/ Aparna Bawa          
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                           Aparna Bawa              
                                                           Chief Operating Officer  
                                                                                    
