UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): June 12, 2025 
Zoom Communications, Inc. (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)                                   
                                                                                                  
  Delaware                           001-38865                  61-1648780                        
  (State or Other Jurisdiction of    -Commission File Number    -IRS Employer Identification No.  
  Incorporation)                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
55 Almaden Boulevard, 6th Floor San Jose, California 95113 (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code)   
(888) 799-9666 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) Not Applicable (Former Name or Former Address, 
if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-Kfiling is intended to simultaneously  
satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions    
A.2. below):                                                                                                       
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                                            
  Title of each class                       Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Class A Common Stock, $0.001 par value    ZM                   The Nasdaq Global Select Market            
  per share                                                                                                 
                                                                                                            
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2of
this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant   
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                                                                   
  Item 5.07  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.  
                                                                   
On June 12, 2025, Zoom Communications, Inc. (the “Company”) held its 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the      
“Annual Meeting”). At the Annual Meeting, the Company’s stockholders (1) elected each of the Company’s nominees for
Class III director, (2) ratified the appointment of KPMG LLP as the Company’s independent registered public        
accounting firm for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2026, and (3) approved, on an advisory basis, the           
compensation of the Company’s named executive officers. The final results with respect to each proposal are set    
forth below. Proposal One – Election of Directors The stockholders elected each of the three persons named below as
Class III directors to serve until the 2028 annual meeting of stockholders or until their successors are duly      
elected and qualified. The results of such vote were:                                                              
                                                                        
                                  FOR      WITHHELD    BROKER NON-VOTE  
  William R. McDermott    505,611,779    26,393,487         45,324,796  
  Michael Fenger          514,541,003    17,464,263         45,324,796  
  Santiago Subotovsky     432,484,517    99,520,749         45,324,796  
                                                                        
Proposal Two – Ratification of Selection of Independent Public Registered Accounting Firm The stockholders ratified
the appointment of KPMG LLP as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year     
ending January 31, 2026. The results of such vote were:                                                            
                                       
  FOR              AGAINST    ABSTAIN  
  575,422,363    1,725,380    182,319  
                                       
Proposal Three – Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation The stockholders advised that they were in favor of the   
compensation of the Company’s named executive officers. The results of such vote were:                             
                                                            
  FOR                AGAINST    ABSTAIN    BROKER NON-VOTE  
  431,047,023    100,814,782    143,461         45,324,796  
                                                            
                                                                                                                   
  SIGNATURESPursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has    
  duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.Zoom              
  Communications, Inc.Dated: June 18, 2025By:/s/ Aparna BawaAparna BawaChief Operating Officer                     
                                                                                                                   
