                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                               WASHINGTON, DC 20549                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                      Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                          Securities Exchange Act of 1934                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                September 14, 2022                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                 Johnson & Johnson                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                               
                                                                                                  
  New Jersey                         1-3215                     22-1024240                        
  (State or Other Jurisdiction of    -Commission File Number    -IRS Employer Identification No.  
  Incorporation)                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
                           One Johnson & Johnson Plaza, New Brunswick, New Jersey 08933                            
                                                                                                                   
                                     (Address of Principal Executive Offices)                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                    (Zip Code)                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                Registrant's telephone number, including area code:                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                   732- 524-0400                                                   
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

☐ Recommencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17

CFR 240.14d-2(b))

☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17

CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2
of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                                                                    
  Title of each class               Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common Stock, Par Value $1.00     JNJ                  New York Stock Exchange                    
  0.650% Notes Due May 2024         JNJ24C               New York Stock Exchange                    
  5.50% Notes Due November 2024     JNJ24BP              New York Stock Exchange                    
  1.150% Notes Due November 2028    JNJ28                New York Stock Exchange                    
  1.650% Notes Due May 2035         JNJ35                New York Stock Exchange                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
  Item 8.01 Other Events.                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
On September 14, 2022, Johnson & Johnson (the “Company”) announced that its Board of Directors has authorized the
repurchase of up to $5 billion of the Company's common stock. Repurchases may be made at management’s discretion
from time to time on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The repurchase program has no
time limit and may be suspended for periods or discontinued at any time. Any shares acquired will be available for
general corporate purposes. The Company had approximately 2,629.2 million shares of common stock outstanding as of
July 22, 2022. The Company does not expect to incur debt to fund the share repurchase program.

Johnson & Johnson reaffirms the mid-points of our guidance for adjusted operational sales growth of 7% at $97.8
billion and adjusted operational earnings per share of $10.70 or 9.2% growth for the full year.
                                                                                                                   
  Cautions Concerning Forward-Looking Statements                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
This press release contains “forward-looking statements” as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995 related to the Company’s plans with respect to share repurchases, involving, among other things,
uncertainties inherent in business and financial planning. The reader is cautioned not to rely on these forward-
looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations of future events. If underlying assumptions
prove inaccurate or known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from
the expectations and projections of Johnson & Johnson. Risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to:
market conditions; the possibility that the repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued; economic factors,
such as interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; uncertainty of commercial success for new and
existing products; the ability of the Company to successfully execute strategic plans; the impact of acquisitions
and divestitures; significant adverse litigation or government action, including related to product liability
claims; challenges and uncertainties inherent in new product development; changes in behavior and spending patterns
or financial distress of purchasers of health care products and services; financial instability of international
economies and legal systems and sovereign risk; changes to governmental laws and regulations; and domestic and
foreign health care reforms. A further list and descriptions of these risks, uncertainties and other factors can be
found in Johnson & Johnson’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 2, 2022, including in the
sections captioned “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” and in
Johnson & Johnson’s subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. Copies of these filings are available online at www.sec.gov, www.jnj.com or on request from Johnson &
Johnson. Any forward-looking statement made in this release speaks only as of the date of this release. Johnson &
Johnson does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information or future events
or developments.

The related press release dated September 14, 2022 is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
                                                                                                                   
  Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
(d) Exhibits.
                                                                                                 
  Exhibit No.    Description of Exhibit                                                          
  99.1           Press Release dated September 14, 2022                                          
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  104            The cover page from this Current Report on Form 8-K, formatted in Inline XBRL.  
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                    SIGNATURES                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                                   
           September 14,    Johnson &         (Registrant)         
  Date:    2022             Johnson    By:    /s/ Marc Larkins     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                              Marc Larkins         
                                              Corporate Secretary  
                                                                   
