                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                               WASHINGTON, DC 20549                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                      Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                          Securities Exchange Act of 1934                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                  April 28, 2022                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                 Johnson & Johnson                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                               
                                                                                                  
  New Jersey                         1-3215                     22-1024240                        
  (State or Other Jurisdiction of    -Commission File Number    -IRS Employer Identification No.  
  Incorporation)                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
                           One Johnson & Johnson Plaza, New Brunswick, New Jersey 08933                            
                                                                                                                   
                                     (Address of Principal Executive Offices)                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                    (Zip Code)                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                Registrant's telephone number, including area code:                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                   732- 524-0400                                                   
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17

CFR 240.14d-2(b))

☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17

CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                                                                    
  Title of each class               Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common Stock, Par Value $1.00     JNJ                  New York Stock Exchange                    
  0.650% Notes Due May 2024         JNJ24C               New York Stock Exchange                    
  5.50% Notes Due November 2024     JNJ24BP              New York Stock Exchange                    
  1.150% Notes Due November 2028    JNJ28                New York Stock Exchange                    
  1.650% Notes Due May 2035         JNJ35                New York Stock Exchange                    
                                                                                                    
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2
of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;
Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

The information included in the third bullet under Item 5.07(b) below is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

(a) T he 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders was held on April 28, 2022.

(b) At the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, the shareholders:

• elected all 14 Director nominees named in the 2022 Proxy Statement to the Company's Board of Directors;

• approved, on an advisory basis, the executive compensation philosophy, policies and procedures described in the
“Compensation Discussion and Analysis” section of the 2022 Proxy Statement and the compensation of the Company's
executive officers named in the 2022 Proxy Statement, as disclosed therein;

• approved the Company's 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the ”2022 Plan”), which was previously approved by the
Company's Board of Directors on March 7, 2022; a description of the terms and conditions of the 2022 Plan and the
amounts payable thereunder is included in the 2022 Proxy Statement under "Item 3: Approval of the Company's 2022
Long-Term Incentive Plan,” beginning on page 110 of the 2022 Proxy Statement; the description of the 2022 Plan in
the 2022 Proxy Statement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the 2022 Plan, which is
attached as Appendix A to the 2022 Proxy Statement;

• ratified the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company's independent registered public accounting
firm for the fiscal year 2022;

• did not approve the shareholder proposal for a civil rights, equity, diversity & inclusion audit proposal;

• approved the shareholder proposal for a third party racial justice audit;

• did not approve the shareholder proposal for a report on government financial support and access to COVID-19
vaccines and therapeutics;

• did not approve the shareholder proposal for a report on public health costs of protecting vaccine technology;

• did not approve the shareholder proposal to discontinue global sales of baby powder containing talc;

• did not approve the shareholder proposal for a request for charitable donations disclosure;

• did not approve the shareholder proposal for a third party review and report on lobbying activities alignment
with the Company's position on universal health coverage;

• did not approve the shareholder proposal to adopt policy to include legal and compliance costs in incentive
compensation metrics; and

• did not approve the shareholder proposal for CEO compensation to weigh workforce pay and ownership.

The following are the final voting results for each of the thirteen items voted on at the meeting.

1. Election of Directors:
                                                                                        
                         Shares For    Shares Against    Shares Abstain      Non-Votes  
  D. Adamczyk         1,821,875,407        21,631,193         5,530,991    346,482,920  
  M. C. Beckerle      1,827,119,327        16,556,459         5,361,805    346,482,920  
  D. S. Davis         1,804,888,350        38,606,493         5,542,748    346,482,920  
  I. E. L. Davis      1,794,374,557        48,881,358         5,781,676    346,482,920  
  J. A. Doudna        1,821,404,683        22,800,923         4,831,985    346,482,920  
  J. Duato            1,835,249,999         8,652,237         5,135,355    346,482,920  
  A. Gorsky           1,744,897,480        98,478,059         5,662,052    346,482,920  
  M. A. Hewson        1,792,683,677        51,493,950         4,859,964    346,482,920  
  H. Joly             1,793,561,898        49,872,480         5,603,213    346,482,920  
  M. B. McClellan     1,695,564,934       147,919,856         5,552,801    346,482,920  
  A. M. Mulcahy       1,730,711,988       113,274,497         5,051,106    346,482,920  
  A. E. Washington    1,802,878,123        40,670,398         5,489,070    346,482,920  
  M. A. Weinberger    1,815,423,637        28,240,835         5,373,119    346,482,920  
  N. Y. West          1,834,814,211         8,991,427         5,231,953    346,482,920  
                                                                                        
2. Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation:
                              
  For          1,579,815,895  
  Against        257,738,128  
  Abstain         11,483,568  
  Non-Votes      346,482,920  
                              
3. Approval of the Company's 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan
                              
  For          1,675,020,466  
  Against        165,231,757  
  Abstain          8,785,368  
  Non-Votes      346,482,920  
                              
4. Ratification of Appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLC as the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
for 2022 :
                                   
  For          2,041,408,099       
  Against        147,081,482       
  Abstain          7,030,930       
  Non-Votes                   N/A  
                                   
6. Shareholder Proposal - Civil Rights, Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Audit Proposal:
                              
  For             50,182,969  
  Against      1,777,981,079  
  Abstain         20,873,543  
  Non-Votes      346,482,920  
                              
7. Shareholder Proposal - Third Party Racial Justice Audit:
                              
  For          1,144,529,241  
  Against        682,570,135  
  Abstain         21,938,215  
  Non-Votes      346,482,920  
                              
8. Shareholder Proposal - Report on Government Financial Support and Access to COVID-19 Vaccines and Therapeutics:
                              
  For            616,715,019  
  Against      1,207,732,861  
  Abstain         24,589,711  
  Non-Votes      346,482,920  
                              
9. Shareholder Proposal - Report on Public Health Costs of Protecting Vaccine Technology:
                              
  For            156,919,718  
  Against      1,650,063,722  
  Abstain         42,054,151  
  Non-Votes      346,482,920  
                              
10. Shareholder Proposal - Discontinue Global Sales of Baby Powder Containing Talc:
                              
  For            279,116,458  
  Against      1,506,309,151  
  Abstain         63,611,982  
  Non-Votes      346,482,920  
                              
11. Shareholder Proposal - Request for Charitable Donations Disclosure:
                              
  For             74,744,360  
  Against      1,762,811,483  
  Abstain         11,481,748  
  Non-Votes      346,482,920  
                              
12. Shareholder Proposal - Third Party Review and Report on Lobbying Activities Alignment with Position on
Universal Health Coverage:
                              
  For            794,680,143  
  Against      1,042,341,388  
  Abstain         12,016,060  
  Non-Votes      346,482,920  
                              
13. Shareholder Proposal - Adopt Policy to Include Legal and Compliance Costs in Incentive Compensation Metrics:
                            
  For          877,012,827  
  Against      961,185,621  
  Abstain       10,839,143  
  Non-Votes    346,482,920  
                            
14. Shareholder Proposal - CEO Compensation to Weigh Workforce Pay and Ownership:
                              
  For            196,312,525  
  Against      1,617,183,502  
  Abstain         35,541,564  
  Non-Votes      346,482,920  
                              
                                                                                                                   
                                                    SIGNATURES                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                                    
                             Johnson &         (Registrant)         
  Date:    April 29, 2022    Johnson    By:    /s/ Matthew Orlando  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                               Matthew Orlando      
                                               Secretary            
                                                                    
