UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section  
13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): October 31,   
2022 Johnson & Johnson (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                                      
                                                                                 
  New Jersey                      1-3215                     22-1024240          
  (State or Other Jurisdiction    -Commission File Number    -IRS Employer       
  of Incorporation)                                          Identification No.  
                                                                                 
One Johnson & Johnson Plaza, New Brunswick, New Jersey 08933 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)   
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: 732- 524-0400 Check the appropriate box below if the Form      
8-Kfiling is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following 
provisions:                                                                                                        
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☒  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2of
this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant   
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:                                                                                                        
                                                                           
  Title of each class               Trading      Name of each exchange on  
                                    Symbol(s)    which registered          
  Common Stock, Par Value $1.00     JNJ          New York Stock Exchange   
  0.650% Notes Due May 2024         JNJ24C       New York Stock Exchange   
  5.50% Notes Due November 2024     JNJ24BP      New York Stock Exchange   
  1.150% Notes Due November 2028    JNJ28        New York Stock Exchange   
  1.650% Notes Due May 2035         JNJ35        New York Stock Exchange   
                                                                           
                                                         
  Item 1.01  Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement  
                                                         
Agreement and Plan of Merger On October 31, 2022, Johnson & Johnson, a New Jersey corporation (“ Johnson &         
Johnson”), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “ Merger Agreement”) with Athos Merger Sub, Inc., a   
Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson (“ Merger Sub”), and ABIOMED, Inc., a      
Delaware corporation (“ ABIOMED”). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, and upon the terms and subject to the         
conditions set forth therein, Merger Sub has agreed to commence as promptly as practicable (but in no event later  
than November 15, 2022), a tender offer (the “ Offer”) to acquire all of the outstanding shares of common stock,   
par value $0.01 per share, of ABIOMED (the “ ABIOMED Shares”) for (i) $380.00 per ABIOMED Share, net to the holder 
thereof in cash, without interest thereon (the “ Cash Amount”), plus(ii) one non-tradeablecontingent value right   
per ABIOMED Share (each, a “ CVR”), which will represent the right to receive contingent payments of up to $35.00, 
net to the holder thereof in cash, without interest thereon, in the aggregate (the “ Milestone Payments”), upon the
achievement of specified milestones pursuant to the terms of the Contingent Value Rights Agreement in the form     
attached as Exhibit Ato the Merger Agreement (the “ CVR Agreement”) as further described under the heading— CVR    
Agreement(the Cash Amount plusone CVR, or any higher amount per ABIOMED Share that may be paid pursuant to the     
Offer, the “ Offer Price”). Under the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub’s obligation to irrevocably accept for payment  
and pay for any ABIOMED Shares tendered pursuant to the Offer is subject to customary conditions, including: (i) as
of immediately prior to the expiration of the Offer, there be validly tendered and not withdrawn a number of       
ABIOMED Shares that, together with the ABIOMED Shares then owned by Johnson & Johnson, Merger Sub and their        
respective affiliates, represents at least one ABIOMED Share more than 50% of the then-outstanding ABIOMED Shares, 
(ii) any waiting period (and any extensions thereof) applicable to the Offer or the consummation of the Merger     
under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, will have expired or been terminated,  
and certain other regulatory approvals will have been obtained, (iii) the absence of any legal impediment that has 
the effect of prohibiting or otherwise preventing or making illegal the consummation of the Offer or the Merger and
(iv) other customary conditions. Following the completion of the Offer and subject to the satisfaction or waiver of
certain conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into ABIOMED, with ABIOMED    
surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson (the “ Merger”). The Merger will be effected pursuant  
to Section 251(h) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “ DGCL”). At the effective time of  
the Merger (the “ Effective Time”), each outstanding ABIOMED Share (excluding (i) ABIOMED Shares owned by Johnson &
Johnson, Merger Sub or ABIOMED (or held in treasury by ABIOMED), or by any direct or indirect wholly owned         
subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson or Merger Sub, and (ii) ABIOMED Shares held by stockholders who have properly      
exercised and perfected their statutory rights of appraisal under the DGCL) will be automatically converted into   
the right to receive the Offer Price. In addition, at the Effective Time, each ABIOMED equity-based award will be  
canceled in exchange for the Cash Amount (less the exercise price in the case of any stock option) plus one CVR, in
each case, multiplied by the number of ABIOMED Shares underlying such award. In the case of any such award subject 
to performance-based vesting conditions, the number of ABIOMED Shares underlying the award will generally be       
determined based on actual performance for any performance periods that have been completed as of the Effective    
Time and maximum performance for all other performance periods. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any stock option    
with an exercise price that is greater than the Cash Amount will instead be canceled in exchange for the right to  
receive cash payments in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) the total amount of the Milestone Payments  
actually payable in connection with a CVR pursuant to the terms of the CVR Agreement minus(b) the amount by which  
such exercise price exceeds the Cash Amount. The Merger Agreement contains representations, warranties and         
covenants of Johnson & Johnson, Merger Sub and ABIOMED that are customary for a transaction of this nature,        
including, among others, covenants obligating ABIOMED to continue to conduct its business in the ordinary course   
and certain other customary operating restrictions until the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement.                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
In addition, subject to certain exceptions, ABIOMED has agreed not to solicit, initiate, knowingly encourage, or   
knowingly facilitate or assist, any inquiry, proposal or offer, or the making, submission or announcement of any   
inquiry, proposal or offer, that constitutes or would reasonably be expected to lead to an Acquisition Proposal (as
defined in the Merger Agreement), or take certain other restricted actions in connection therewith. Notwithstanding
this limitation, prior to the expiration of the Offer, subject to customary limitations and conditions, ABIOMED may
provide information to, and participate in discussions or negotiations with, a third party that has made a bona    
fide, written and unsolicited acquisition proposal that the board of directors of ABIOMED (the “ABIOMED Board”) has
determined in good faith, after consultation with its financial advisor(s) and outside legal counsel, either       
constitutes or is reasonably likely to lead to a Superior Proposal (as defined in the Merger Agreement) and failure
to take such action would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties.                                               
                                                                                                                   
The Merger Agreement contains customary termination rights for both Johnson & Johnson and Merger Sub, on the one   
hand, and ABIOMED, on the other hand, including, among others, for failure to consummate the Offer on or before    
July 1, 2023 (subject to automatic extension until September 1, 2023 in the event that certain closing conditions  
relating to regulatory approvals are the only conditions that remain unsatisfied as of July 1, 2023). If the Merger
Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances specified in the Merger Agreement, including under specified   
circumstances in connection with ABIOMED’s entry into a definitive agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal or
in connection with a change in recommendation by the ABIOMED Board, ABIOMED will be required to pay Johnson &      
Johnson a termination fee of $550,000,000.                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
The Merger Agreement has been unanimously approved by the board of directors of each of Johnson & Johnson and      
Merger Sub and the ABIOMED Board. The ABIOMED Board unanimously recommends that stockholders of ABIOMED tender     
their ABIOMED Shares in the Offer.                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
The Merger Agreement and the above description of the Merger Agreement have been included to provide investors with
information regarding the terms of the Merger Agreement. It is not intended to provide any other factual           
information about Johnson & Johnson, Merger Sub, ABIOMED or their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. The       
representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Merger Agreement were made only for purposes of that    
agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Merger Agreement and may be  
subject to limitations agreed upon by the parties in connection with negotiating the terms of the Merger Agreement,
including being qualified by confidential disclosures made by each party to the other for the purposes of          
allocating contractual risk between them that differ from those applicable to investors. In addition, certain      
representations and warranties may be subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from those        
generally applicable to investors and may have been used for the purpose of allocating risk between the parties    
rather than establishing matters as facts. Information concerning the subject matter of the representations,       
warranties and covenants may change after the date of the Merger Agreement, which subsequent information may or may
not be fully reflected in public disclosures by Johnson & Johnson or ABIOMED. Investors should not rely on the     
representations, warranties and covenants or any description thereof as characterizations of the actual state of   
facts or condition of Johnson & Johnson, Merger Sub, ABIOMED or any of their respective subsidiaries, affiliates or
businesses.                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety 
by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and is    
incorporated herein by reference.                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
Contingent Value Rights Agreement                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at or prior to the time of irrevocable acceptance for payment by Merger Sub of   
ABIOMED Shares pursuant to and subject to the conditions of the Offer, Johnson & Johnson and a rights agent        
mutually agreeable to it and ABIOMED (the “Rights Agent”) will enter into the CVR Agreement governing the terms of 
the CVRs issued pursuant to the Offer. The holders of CVRs will not be permitted to transfer CVRs (subject to      
certain limited exceptions).                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Each CVR represents the right to receive the following Milestone Payments, in cash, if any, without interest       
thereon and less any applicable withholding taxes, payable as specified upon the achievement of the following      
milestones (each, a “Milestone”):                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
       $17.50 per CVR, if aggregate worldwide Net Sales (as defined in the CVR Agreement) with respect to certain  
       of ABIOMED’s products exceeds $3,700,000,000 (the “Net Sales Milestone”) during the period from the first   
       day of Johnson & Johnson’s fiscal second quarter of 2027 through the last day of Johnson & Johnson’s        
       fiscal first quarter of 2028 (the “2028 Measurement Period”); provided that in the event that the Net       
  •    Sales Milestone is not achieved during the 2028 Measurement Period, if the Net Sales Milestone is           
       thereafter achieved during any other period of four consecutive fiscal quarters during the period from the  
       first day of Johnson & Johnson’s fiscal third quarter of 2027 through the last day of Johnson & Johnson’s   
       fiscal first quarter of 2029, the Milestone Payment payable upon achievement of the Net Sales Milestone     
       will be $8.75 per CVR.                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
       $7.50 per CVR, if, on or prior to January 1, 2028, the United States Food and Drug Administration approves  
       a premarket approval application or a premarket approval application supplement for the use of any device   
  •    in the Impella Product Family (as defined in the CVR Agreement) in patients presenting with ST-Segment      
       Elevation Myocardial Infarction (“STEMI”), or Anterior STEMI, without cardiogenic shock (the “FDA Approval  
       Milestone”).                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                            
  •    $10.00 per CVR, upon the earliest to occur of any of the following:  
                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
       on or prior to the earlier of (i) four years after publication of results relating to the secondary         
       clinical endpoint in the STEMI DTU™ study undertaken by ABIOMED and (ii) December 31, 2029, results from    
       the STEMI DTU™ study undertaken by ABIOMED contribute to the publication of a Class I recommendation in     
       the American College of Cardiology / American Heart Association Clinical Practice Guideline for Coronary    
       Artery Revascularization (the “Clinical Practice Guideline”) for the use of any device in the Impella       
       Product Family in patients presenting with STEMI, or Anterior STEMI, without cardiogenic shock (the “STEMI  
  •    Recommendation Milestone”);                                                                                 
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
       on or prior to the earlier of (i) four years after publication of results relating to the primary clinical  
       endpoints in the PROTECT IV study undertaken by ABIOMED and (ii) December 31, 2029, results from the        
       PROTECT IV study undertaken by ABIOMED contribute to the publication of a Class I recommendation in the     
       Clinical Practice Guideline for the use of any device in the Impella Product Family in high-risk patients   
  •    with complex coronary artery disease and reduced left ventricular function (the “HRPCI Milestone”); and     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
       on or prior to the earlier of (i) four years after publication of results relating to the primary clinical  
       endpoints in the RECOVER IV study undertaken by ABIOMED and (ii) December 31, 2029, results from the        
       RECOVER IV study undertaken by ABIOMED contribute to the publication of a Class I recommendation in the     
       Clinical Practice Guideline for the use of any device in the Impella Product Family in patients with        
  •    STEMI-Cardiogenic Shock, or STEMI-CS (the “Cardiogenic Shock Milestone”).                                   
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                                                                   
With respect to each of (i) the STEMI Recommendation Milestone and the FDA Approval Milestone, (ii) the HRPCI      
Milestone and (iii) the Cardiogenic Shock Milestone, Johnson & Johnson is required to expend an agreed upon amount 
based on ABIOMED’s existing budget (net of actual spend prior to the closing date) towards the achievement of such 
Milestone(s), subject to certain limited exceptions. Other than with respect to these commitments, Johnson &       
Johnson is not otherwise required (expressly or implicitly) to achieve or undertake any level of efforts, or employ
any level of resources, to achieve the Milestones. The foregoing description of the CVR Agreement does not purport 
to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of the CVR Agreement, a  
copy of which is included as Exhibit A to the Merger Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and is incorporated  
herein by reference.                                                                                               
                                        
  Item 7.01  Regulation FD Disclosure.  
                                        
On November 1, 2022, Johnson & Johnson and ABIOMED issued a joint press release announcing the parties’ entry into 
the Merger Agreement. A copy of the joint press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated     
herein by reference. The information contained in this Item 7.01 and in Exhibit 99.1 of this Report shall not be   
deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), 
or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be incorporated by reference into any filing 
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific       
reference in such filing. Additional Information The tender offer described in this communication has not yet      
commenced, and this communication is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell           
securities. At the time the tender offer is commenced, Johnson & Johnson will cause Merger Sub to file a tender    
offer statement on Schedule TO with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“ SEC”). Investors and ABIOMED    
security holders are strongly advised to read the tender offer statement (including an offer to purchase, letter of
transmittal and related tender offer documents) that will be filed by Johnson & Johnson with the SEC and the       
related solicitation/recommendation statement on Schedule 14D-9that will be filed by ABIOMED with the SEC, when    
they become available, because they will contain important information.These documents will be available at no     
charge on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the offer to purchase, letter of transmittal and
certain other related tender offer documents (once they become available) may be obtained free of charge by        
directing a request to Johnson & Johnson, Office of the Corporate Secretary, One Johnson & Johnson Plaza, New      
Brunswick, NJ 08933, Attn: Corporate Secretary’s Office. A copy of the solicitation/recommendation statement on    
Schedule 14D-9(once it becomes available) also may be obtained free of charge from ABIOMED under the “Investors”   
section of ABIOMED’ website at https://investors.abiomed.com. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking       
Statements This Current Report on Form 8-Kcontains forward-looking statements regarding the potential acquisition  
of ABIOMED. The reader is cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements. These statements are based on 
current expectations of future events. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or known or unknown risks or     
uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from the expectations and projections of ABIOMED or
Johnson & Johnson. Risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the risk that the closing conditions   
for the acquisition will not be satisfied, including the risk that clearance under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust 
Improvements Act or other applicable antitrust laws will not be obtained; uncertainty as to the percentage of      
ABIOMED stockholders that will support the proposed transaction and tender their outstanding shares of common stock
of ABIOMED in the Offer; the possibility that the transaction will not be completed in the expected timeframe or at
all; potential adverse effects to the businesses of Johnson & Johnson or ABIOMED during the pendency of the        
transaction, such as employee departures or distraction of management from business operations; the risk of        
stockholder litigation relating to the transaction, including resulting expense or delay; the potential that the   
expected benefits and opportunities of the acquisition, if completed, may not be realized or may take longer to    
realize than expected; challenges inherent in product research and development, including uncertainty of clinical  
success and obtaining regulatory approvals; uncertainty of commercial success for new products; manufacturing      
difficulties and delays; product efficacy or safety concerns resulting in product recalls or regulatory action;    
economic conditions, including currency exchange and interest rate fluctuations; the risks associated with global  
operations; competition, including technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors;       
challenges to patents; changes to applicable laws and regulations, including tax laws and global health care       
reforms; adverse litigation or government action; changes in behavior and spending patterns or financial distress  
of purchasers of health care services and products; and trends toward health care cost containment. In addition, if
and when the transaction is consummated, there will be risks and uncertainties related to the ability of the       
Johnson & Johnson family of companies to successfully integrate the products and employees/operations and clinical 
work of ABIOMED, as well as the ability to ensure continued performance or market growth of ABIOMED’s products. A  
further list and descriptions of these risks, uncertainties and other factors can be found in Johnson & Johnson’s  
Annual Report on Form 10-Kfor the fiscal year ended January 2, 2022, including                                     
                                                                                                                   
  in the sections captioned “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Item 1A. Risk Factors,”    
  and in Johnson & Johnson’s subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form10-Q,and other filings with the Securities and    
  Exchange Commission. Copies of these filings are available online at www.sec.gov, www.jnj.com or on request      
  from Johnson & Johnson. Johnson & Johnson does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement as a        
  result of new information or future events or developments.Item 9.01.Financial Statements and                    
  Exhibits.(d)Exhibits.ExhibitNo.Description2.1Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 31, 2022, by and  
  among Johnson & Johnson, Athos Merger Sub, Inc. and ABIOMED, Inc.*99.1Joint Press Release, dated as of November  
  1, 2022, issued by Johnson & Johnson and ABIOMED, Inc.*Certain exhibits and schedules have been omitted          
  pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of RegulationS-K.Johnson & Johnson hereby undertakes to furnish supplemental copies   
  of any of the omitted exhibits and schedules upon request by the SEC.                                            
                                                                                                                   
SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                                                   
  Date: November 1, 2022    By:  Johnson & Johnson  /s/ Laura H. McFalls           
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                    Laura H. McFalls               
                                                    Assistant Corporate Secretary  
                                                                                   
