                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                               WASHINGTON, DC 20549                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                      Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                          Securities Exchange Act of 1934                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                  January 6, 2022                                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                                 Johnson & Johnson                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                               
                                                                                                  
  New Jersey                         1-3215                     22-1024240                        
  (State or Other Jurisdiction of    -Commission File Number    -IRS Employer Identification No.  
  Incorporation)                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
                           One Johnson & Johnson Plaza, New Brunswick, New Jersey 08933                            
                                                                                                                   
                                     (Address of Principal Executive Offices)                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                    (Zip Code)                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                Registrant's telephone number, including area code:                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                   732- 524-0400                                                   
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

☐ Recommencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17

CFR 240.14d-2(b))

☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17

CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2
of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                                                                    
  Title of each class               Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common Stock, Par Value $1.00     JNJ                  New York Stock Exchange                    
  0.250% Notes Due January 2022     JNJ22                New York Stock Exchange                    
  0.650% Notes Due May 2024         JNJ24C               New York Stock Exchange                    
  5.50% Notes Due November 2024     JNJ24BP              New York Stock Exchange                    
  1.150% Notes Due November 2028    JNJ28                New York Stock Exchange                    
  1.650% Notes Due May 2035         JNJ35                New York Stock Exchange                    
                                                                                                    
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;
Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

As previously announced by Johnson & Johnson (the “Company”) on August 19, 2021, effective as of January 3, 2022,
Joaquin Duato, previously Vice Chairman of the Company’s Executive Committee, assumed the role of Chief Executive
Officer (“CEO”) of the Company and has been appointed as a member of the Company’s Board of Directors (the
“Board”). Alex Gorsky, previously Chairman and CEO of the Company, transitioned to Executive Chairman of the
Company, also effective January 3, 2022.

On January 4, 2022, the Board approved compensation changes for Mr. Duato and Mr. Gorsky in conjunction with their
respective role changes. Upon his assumption of the CEO role, Mr. Duato’s annual compensation opportunities
increased as follows: his annual base salary is $1,500,000, his annual incentive target is 175% of base salary
($2,625,000), and his long-term incentive target is 820% of base salary ($12,300,000). Actual annual incentive and
long-term incentive awards will be based on achievement of the applicable business and individual performance
objectives and subject to approval by the independent members of the Board. As an employee of the Company, Mr.
Duato will receive no additional compensation for his service as a member of the Board.

In connection with his transition to Executive Chairman of the Company, Mr. Gorsky’s annual compensation
opportunities were adjusted as follows: his annual base salary was decreased to $1,400,000, and his annual
incentive target for 2022 was decreased to 150% of base salary ($2,100,000). Actual payout of annual incentive
compensation will be based on achievement of the applicable business and individual performance objectives and
subject to approval by the independent members of the Board. In conjunction with the Company’s long-standing
practice, Mr. Gorsky will receive a long-term incentive award in February 2022 based on his performance as Chairman
and CEO in 2021. He will not be eligible to receive future long-term incentive awards for his service in his
capacity as Executive Chairman.
                                                                                                                   
                                                    SIGNATURES                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                                     
                              Johnson &         (Registrant)         
  Date:    January 6, 2022    Johnson    By:    /s/ Matthew Orlando  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                Matthew Orlando      
                                                Corporate Secretary  
                                                                     
