                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              Washington, D.C. 20549                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 10-Q                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                
  ☑    Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                   for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2024                                    
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                        or                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                 
  ☐    Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
       for the transition period from            to                                              
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                           Commission file number 1-3215                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                 Johnson & Johnson                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                               
                                                         
  New Jersey                         22-1024240          
  (State or other jurisdiction of    -I.R.S. Employer    
  incorporation or organization)     Identification No.  
                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                            One Johnson & Johnson Plaza                                            
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                          New Brunswick, New Jersey 08933                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                     (Address of principal executive offices)                                      
                                                                                                                   
                        Registrant’s telephone number, including area code ( 732) 524-0400                         
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. ☑ Yes ☐ No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to
be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files). ☑ Yes ☐ No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated
filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.
                                                                  
  Large accelerated filer    ☑    Accelerated filer            ☐  
  Non-accelerated filer      ☐    Smaller reporting company    ☐  
  Emerging growth company    ☐                                    
                                                                  
If an emerging growth company, indicated by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). ☐
Yes ☑ No
                            SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT                             
                                                                                                 
  Title of each class               Trading Symbol    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common Stock, Par Value $1.00     JNJ               New York Stock Exchange                    
  5.50% Notes Due November 2024     JNJ24BP           New York Stock Exchange                    
  1.150% Notes Due November 2028    JNJ28             New York Stock Exchange                    
  3.20% Notes Due November 2032     JNJ32             New York Stock Exchange                    
  1.650% Notes Due May 2035         JNJ35             New York Stock Exchange                    
  3.350% Notes Due November 2036    JNJ36A            New York Stock Exchange                    
  3.550% Notes Due November 2044    JNJ44             New York Stock Exchange                    
                                                                                                 
Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer’s classes of common stock, as of the latest
practicable date.

On July 19, 2024, 2,407,243,667shares of Common Stock, $1.00 par value, were outstanding.
                                                                                                                   
                                        JOHNSON & JOHNSON AND SUBSIDIARIES                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Table of contents                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Item                                                                                                       Page  
  Part I                                                                                                           
             Financial information                                                                              1  
  Item 1     Financial statements (unaudited)                                                                   1  
             Consolidated balance sheets —June30, 2024 and December 31, 2023                                    1  
             Consolidated statements of earnings for the fiscalsecondquarters endedJune30, 2024 andJuly2,       2  
             2023                                                                                                  
             Consolidatedstatements ofearnings for thefiscalsixmonthsendedJune30, 2024andJuly2, 2023            3  
             Consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the fiscalsecondquartersand fiscal six         4  
             monthsendedJune30, 2024 andJuly2, 2023                                                                
             Consolidated statements of equity for the fiscalsecondquartersand fiscal six                       5  
             monthsendedJune30, 2024 andJuly2, 2023                                                                
             Consolidated statements of cash flows for the fiscalsixmonths endedJune30, 2024 andJuly2,          7  
             2023                                                                                                  
             Notes to consolidated financial statements                                                         9  
  Item 2     Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations             42  
  Item 3     Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk                                        60  
  Item 4     Controls and procedures                                                                           60  
  Part II                                                                                                          
             Other information                                                                                 61  
  Item 1     Legal proceedings                                                                                 61  
  Item 2     Unregistered sales of equity securities and use of proceeds                                       61  
  Item 5     Other information                                                                                 62  
  Item 6     Exhibits                                                                                          62  
             Signatures                                                                                        63  
                                                                                                                   
Cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Johnson & Johnson’s other publicly available documents contain “forward-
looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Management and representatives of Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiaries (the
Company) also may from time to time make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements do not relate
strictly to historical or current facts and reflect management’s assumptions, views, plans, objectives and
projections about the future. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as “plans,”
“expects,” “will,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” and other words of similar meaning in conjunction with, among other
things: discussions of future operations, expected operating results, financial performance; impact of planned
acquisitions and dispositions; impact and timing of restructuring initiatives including associated cost savings and
other benefits; the Company’s strategy for growth; product development activities; regulatory approvals; market
position and expenditures.

Because forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding future
events, they are subject to uncertainties, risks and changes that are difficult to predict and many of which are
outside of the Company’s control. Investors should realize that if underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, or
known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, the Company’s actual results and financial condition could
vary materially from expectations and projections expressed or implied in its forward-looking statements. Investors
are therefore cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include, but are
not limited to:

Risks related to product development, market success and competition

• Challenges and uncertainties inherent in innovation and development of new and improved products and technologies
on which the Company’s continued growth and success depend, including uncertainty of clinical outcomes, additional
analysis of existing clinical data, obtaining regulatory approvals, health plan coverage and customer access, and
initial and continued commercial success;

• Challenges to the Company’s ability to obtain and protect adequate patent and other intellectual property rights
for new and existing products and technologies in the United States and other important markets;

• The impact of patent expirations, typically followed by the introduction of competing generic, biosimilar or
other products and resulting revenue and market share losses;

• Increasingly aggressive and frequent challenges to the Company’s patents by competitors and others seeking to
launch competing generic, biosimilar or other products and increased receptivity of courts, the United States
Patent and Trademark Office and other decision makers to such challenges, potentially resulting in loss of market
exclusivity and rapid decline in sales for the relevant product sooner than expected;

• Competition in research and development of new and improved products, processes and technologies, which can
result in product and process obsolescence;

• Competition to reach agreement with third parties for collaboration, licensing, development and marketing
agreements for products and technologies;

• Competition based on cost-effectiveness, product performance, technological advances and patents attained by
competitors; and

• Allegations that the Company’s products infringe the patents and other intellectual property rights of third
parties, which could adversely affect the Company’s ability to sell the products in question and require the
payment of money damages and future royalties.

Risks related to product liability, litigation and regulatory activity

• Product efficacy or safety concerns, whether or not based on scientific evidence, potentially resulting in
product withdrawals, recalls, regulatory action on the part of the United States Food and Drug Administration (U.S.
FDA) (or international counterparts), declining sales, reputational damage, increased litigation expense and share
price impact;

• The impact, including declining sales and reputational damage, of significant litigation or government action
adverse to the Company, including product liability claims and allegations related to pharmaceutical marketing
practices and contracting strategies;

• The impact of an adverse judgment or settlement and the adequacy of reserves related to legal proceedings,
including patent litigation, product liability, personal injury claims, securities class actions, government
investigations, employment and other legal proceedings;

• Increased scrutiny of the healthcare industry by government agencies and state attorneys general resulting in
investigations and prosecutions, which carry the risk of significant civil and criminal penalties, including, but
not limited to, debarment from government business;

• Failure to meet compliance obligations in compliance agreements with governments or government agencies, which
could result in significant sanctions;

• Potential changes to applicable laws and regulations affecting United States and international operations,
including relating to: approval of new products; licensing and patent rights; sales and promotion of healthcare
products; access to, and reimbursement and pricing for, healthcare products and services; environmental protection;
and sourcing of raw materials;

• Compliance with local regulations and laws that may restrict the Company’s ability to manufacture or sell its
products in relevant markets, including requirements to comply with medical device reporting regulations and other
requirements such as the European Union’s Medical Devices Regulation;

• Changes in domestic and international tax laws and regulations, increasing audit scrutiny by tax authorities
around the world and exposures to additional tax liabilities potentially in excess of existing reserves; and

• The issuance of new or revised accounting standards by the Financial Accounting Standards Board and regulations
by the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Risks related to healthcare market trends and the realization of benefits from the Company's strategic initiatives

• Pricing pressures resulting from trends toward healthcare cost containment, including the continued consolidation
among healthcare providers and other market participants, trends toward managed care, the shift toward governments
increasingly becoming the primary payors of healthcare expenses, significant new entrants to the healthcare markets
seeking to reduce costs and government pressure on companies to voluntarily reduce costs and price increases;

• Restricted spending patterns of individual, institutional and governmental purchasers of healthcare products and
services due to economic hardship and budgetary constraints;

• Challenges to the Company’s ability to realize its strategy for growth including through externally sourced
innovations, such as development collaborations, strategic acquisitions, licensing and marketing agreements, and
the potential heightened costs of any such external arrangements due to competitive pressures;

• The potential that the expected strategic benefits and opportunities from any planned or completed acquisition or
divestiture by the Company may not be realized or may take longer to realize than expected;

• The potential that the expected benefits and opportunities related to past and ongoing restructuring actions may
not be realized or may take longer to realize than expected;

• The Company’s ability to realize the anticipated benefits from the separation of Kenvue Inc.

Risks related to economic conditions, financial markets and operating internationally

• The risks associated with global operations on the Company and its customers and suppliers, including foreign
governments in countries in which the Company operates;

• The impact of inflation and fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange rates and the potential effect
of such fluctuations on revenues, expenses and resulting margins;

• Potential changes in export/import and trade laws, regulations and policies of the United States and other
countries, including any increased trade restrictions or tariffs and potential drug reimportation legislation;

• The impact on international operations from financial instability in international economies, sovereign risk,
possible imposition of governmental controls and restrictive economic policies, and unstable international
governments and legal systems;

• The impact of global public health crises and pandemics;

• Changes to global climate, extreme weather and natural disasters that could affect demand for the Company’s
products and services, cause disruptions in manufacturing and distribution networks, alter the availability of
goods and services within the supply chain, and affect the overall design and integrity of the Company’s products
and operations;

• The impact of global or economic changes or events, including global tensions and war; and

• The impact of armed conflicts and terrorist attacks in the United States and other parts of the world, including
social and economic disruptions and instability of financial and other markets.
                                                                                                                   
   Risks related to supply chain and operations                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
• Difficulties and delays in manufacturing, internally, through third-party providers or otherwise within the
supply chain, that may lead to voluntary or involuntary business interruptions or shutdowns, product shortages,
withdrawals or suspensions of products from the market, and potential regulatory action;

• Interruptions and breaches of the Company’s information technology systems or those of the Company’s vendors,
which could result in reputational, competitive, operational or other business harm as well as financial costs and
regulatory action;

• Reliance on global supply chains and production and distribution processes that are complex and subject to
increasing regulatory requirements that may adversely affect supply, sourcing and pricing of materials used in the
Company’s products; and

• The potential that the expected benefits and opportunities related to restructuring actions may not be realized
or may take longer to realize than expected, including due to any required approvals from applicable regulatory
authorities.

Investors also should carefully read the Risk Factors described in Item 1A of the Company's Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, for a description of certain risks that could, among other
things, cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from those expressed in its forward-looking
statements. Investors should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and should
not consider the risks described above to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. The
Company does not undertake to publicly update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time,
whether as a result of new information or future events or developments.

Table of Contents
╔═ § ═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║                                                                                                                 ║
║  Part I — Financial information                                                                                 ║
║                                                                                                                 ║
╚═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 1 — Financial statements                                                                                  │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Johnson & Johnson and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets

(Unaudited; Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Data)
                                                                                  
                                              June 30, 2024    December 31, 2023  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Assets                                                                          
  Current assets:                                                                 
  Cash and cash equivalents (Note 4)                $24,878               21,859  
  Marketable securities                                 597                1,068  
  Accounts receivable, trade, less                   15,794               14,873  
  allowances $161(2023, $166)                                                     
  Inventories (Note 2)                               12,169               11,181  
  Prepaid expenses and other                          4,379                4,514  
  Total current assets                               57,817               53,495  
  Property, plant and equipment at cost              48,035               47,776  
  Less: accumulated depreciation                    -28,287              -27,878  
  Property, plant and equipment, net                 19,748               19,898  
  Intangible assets, net (Note 3)                    39,725               34,175  
  Goodwill (Note 3)                                  44,250               36,558  
  Deferred taxes on income (Note 5)                   9,004                9,279  
  Other assets                                       10,544               14,153  
  Total assets                                     $181,088              167,558  
  Liabilities and shareholders’ equity                                            
  Current liabilities:                                                            
  Loans and notes payable                            $9,855                3,451  
  Accounts payable                                    8,848                9,632  
  Accrued liabilities                                10,539               10,212  
  Accrued rebates, returns and promotions            17,539               16,001  
  Accrued compensation and employee                   2,843                3,993  
  related obligations                                                             
  Accrued taxes on income (Note 5)                    4,309                2,993  
  Total current liabilities                          53,933               46,282  
  Long-term debt (Note 4)                            31,636               25,881  
  Deferred taxes on income (Note 5)                   2,635                3,193  
  Employee related obligations (Note 6)               6,919                7,149  
  Long-term taxes payable (Note 5)                      341                2,881  
  Other liabilities                                  14,086               13,398  
  Total liabilities                                $109,550               98,784  
  Commitments and Contingencies (Note 11)                                         
  Shareholders’ equity:                                                           
  Common stock — par value $1.00per share                                         
  (authorized4,320,000,000shares;                    $3,120                3,120  
  issued3,119,843,000shares)                                                      
  Accumulated other comprehensive income            -11,253              -12,527  
  (loss) (Note 7)                                                                 
  Retained earnings and Additional paid-in          155,360              153,843  
  capital                                                                         
  Less:                                                                           
  common stock held in treasury, at cost             75,689               75,662  
  (712,997,000and712,765,000shares)                                               
  Total shareholders’ equity                        $71,538               68,774  
  Total liabilities and shareholders’              $181,088              167,558  
  equity                                                                          
                                                                                  
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q1                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

Johnson & Johnson and subsidiaries consolidated statements of earnings

(Unaudited; Dollars & Shares in Millions Except Per Share Amounts)
                                                                                                                   
                                         Fiscal Second  June 30,           Percent     July 2,           Percent   
                                         Quarter Ended      2024           to Sales       2023           to Sales  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Sales to customers (Note 9)                            $22,447    100.0  %           $21,519    100.0  %         
  Cost of products sold                          6,869               30.6                6,462     30.0            
  Gross profit                                  15,578               69.4               15,057     70.0            
  Selling, marketing and                                                                                           
  administrative                                 5,681               25.3                5,396     25.1            
  expenses                                                                                                         
  Research and development expense               3,440               15.3                3,703     17.2            
  In-process research and development              194                0.9                    —        —            
  impairments                                                                                                      
  Interest income                                 -395               -1.8                 -326     -1.5            
  Interest expense, net of portion                 270                1.2                  217      1.0            
  capitalized                                                                                                      
  Other (income) expense, net                      653                2.9                 -384     -1.8            
  Restructuring (Note 12)                          -13                0.0                  145      0.7            
  Earnings before provision for taxes                                                                              
  on                                             5,748               25.6                6,306     29.3            
  income                                                                                                           
  Provision for taxes on income (Note            1,062                4.7                  930      4.3            
  5)                                                                                                               
  Net earnings from continuing                   4,686               20.9  %             5,376     25.0  %         
  operations                                                                                                       
  Net earnings (loss) from                                                                                         
  discontinued                                       —                                    -232                     
  operations, net of tax (Note 13)                                                                                 
  Net earnings                                  $4,686                                  $5,144                     
  Net earnings (loss) per share (Note                                                                              
  8)                                                                                                               
  Continuing operations - basic                  $1.95                                   $2.07                     
  Discontinued operations - basic                    —                                   -0.09                     
  Total net earnings (loss) per share                                                                              
  -                                              $1.95                                   $1.98                     
  basic                                                                                                            
  Continuing operations - diluted                $1.93                                   $2.05                     
  Discontinued operations - diluted                  —                                   -0.09                     
  Total net earnings (loss) per share                                                                              
  -                                              $1.93                                   $1.96                     
  diluted                                                                                                          
  Avg. shares outstanding                                                                                          
  Basic                                        2,406.8                                 2,598.4                     
  Diluted                                      2,422.0                                 2,625.7                     
                                                                                                                   
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Prior year results have been recast to reflect the continuing operations of Johnson & Johnson
                                                                                                                   
  2                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

Johnson & Johnson and subsidiaries consolidated statements of earnings

(Unaudited; Dollars & Shares in Millions Except Per Share Amounts)
                                                                                                                   
                                                        June 30,           Percent     July 2,           Percent   
                               Fiscal Six Months Ended      2024           to Sales       2023           to Sales  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Sales to customers (Note                               $43,830    100.0  %           $42,413    100.0  %         
  9)                                                                                                               
  Cost of products sold                                   13,380     30.5               13,149     31.0            
  Gross profit                                            30,450     69.5               29,264     69.0            
  Selling, marketing and                                                                                           
  administrative                                          10,938     25.0               10,302     24.3            
  expenses                                                                                                         
  Research and development                                 6,982     16.0                7,158     16.9            
  expense                                                                                                          
  In-process research and                                                                                          
  development                                                194      0.4                   49      0.1            
  impairments                                                                                                      
  Interest income                                           -759     -1.8                 -524     -1.2            
  Interest expense, net of                                                                                         
  portion                                                    425      1.0                  429      1.0            
  capitalized                                                                                                      
  Other (income) expense,                                  3,057      7.0                6,556     15.5            
  net                                                                                                              
  Restructuring (Note 12)                                    151      0.3                  275      0.6            
  Earnings before provision                                                                                        
  for taxes on                                             9,462     21.6                5,019     11.8            
  income                                                                                                           
  Provision for taxes on                                   1,521      3.5                  134      0.3            
  income (Note 5)                                                                                                  
  Net earnings from                                        7,941     18.1  %             4,885     11.5  %         
  continuing operations                                                                                            
  Net earnings from                                                                                                
  discontinued                                                 —                           191                     
  operations, net of tax                                                                                           
  (Note 13)                                                                                                        
  Net earnings                                            $7,941                        $5,076                     
  Net earnings per share                                                                                           
  (Note 8)                                                                                                         
  Continuing operations -                                  $3.30                         $1.88                     
  basic                                                                                                            
  Discontinued operations -                                    —                         $0.07                     
  basic                                                                                                            
  Total net earnings per                                   $3.30                         $1.95                     
  share - basic                                                                                                    
  Continuing operations -                                  $3.27                         $1.86                     
  diluted                                                                                                          
  Discontinued operations -    —                                                         $0.07                     
  diluted                                                                                                          
  Total net earnings per                                   $3.27                         $1.93                     
  share - diluted                                                                                                  
  Avg. shares outstanding                                                                                          
  Basic                                                  2,407.5                       2,601.9                     
  Diluted                                                2,428.5                       2,630.7                     
                                                                                                                   
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Prior year results have been recast to reflect the continuing operations of Johnson & Johnson
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q3                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

Johnson & Johnson and subsidiaries consolidated statements of comprehensive income

(Unaudited; Dollars in Millions)
                                                                                                                   
                    Fiscal Second                                   Fiscal Six                                     
                    Quarter Ended  June 30, 2024    July 2, 2023    Months Ended    June 30, 2024    July 2, 2023  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net earnings                            $4,686           5,144                           $7,941           5,076  
  Other                                                                                                            
  comprehensive                                                                                                    
  income (loss),                                                                                                   
  net                                                                                                              
  of tax                                                                                                           
  Foreign                                                                                                          
  currency                                  -389            -715                            1,734            -896  
  translation                                                                                                      
  Securities:                                                                                                      
  Unrealized                                                                                                       
  holding gain                                -1               4                                1              21  
  (loss) arising                                                                                                   
  during period                                                                                                    
  Reclassificat…                               —               —                                —               —  
  to earnings                                                                                                      
  Net change                                  -1               4                                1              21  
  Employee                                                                                                         
  benefit plans:                                                                                                   
  Prior service                                                                                                    
  cost                                                                                                             
  amortization                               -34             -36                             -272             -71  
  during                                                                                                           
  period                                                                                                           
  Gain (loss)                                                                                                      
  amortization                                43             -34                              333             -67  
  during period                                                                                                    
  Net change                                   9             -70                               61            -138  
  Derivatives &                                                                                                    
  hedges:                                                                                                          
  Unrealized                                                                                                       
  gain (loss)                                 75            -137                              -92             433  
  arising during                                                                                                   
  period                                                                                                           
  Reclassificat…                            -179            -139                             -430            -136  
  to earnings                                                                                                      
  Net change                                -104            -276                             -522             297  
  Other                                                                                                            
  comprehensive                             -485          -1,057                            1,274            -716  
  income (loss)                                                                                                    
  Comprehensive                           $4,201           4,087                           $9,215           4,360  
  income                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Amounts presented have not been recast to exclude discontinued operations.
                                                      
  The tax effects in other comprehensive              
  income/(loss) for the fiscal second quarter were    
  as follows for 2024 and 2023, respectively:         
  Foreign Currency Translation: $65million and        
  $32million; Securities: $1million and $1million;    
  Employee Benefit Plans: $1million and $21million;   
  Derivatives & Hedges: $28million and $74million.    
  The tax effects in other comprehensive              
  income/(loss) for the fiscal six months were as     
  follows for 2024 and 2023, respectively:            
  Foreign Currency Translation: $684million and       
  $266million; Securities: $6million in 2023;         
  Employee Benefit Plans: $41million and $43million;  
  Derivatives & Hedges: $139million and $80million.   
                                                      
                                                                                                                   
  4                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

Johnson & Johnson and subsidiaries consolidated statements of equity

(Unaudited; Dollars in Millions)
                                                                                                                   
  Fiscal Second Quarter Ended June 30, 2024                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        Retained                         Accumulated                     Treasury  
                      Total             Earnings and                           Other     Common Stock       Stock  
                                        Additional Paid-in             Comprehensive    Issued Amount      Amount  
                                        Capital                        Income (AOCI)                               
  Balance, March             $70,020                        153,378          -10,768            3,120     -75,710  
  31, 2024                                                                                                         
  Net earnings                 4,686                          4,686                —                —           —  
  Cash dividends                                                                                                   
  paid ($1.24per              -2,985                         -2,985                —                —           —  
  share)                                                                                                           
  Employee                                                                                                         
  compensation and               438                            281                —                —         157  
  stock option                                                                                                     
  plans                                                                                                            
  Repurchase of                 -136                                               —                —        -136  
  common stock                                                                                                     
  Other                                                                                                            
  comprehensive                                                                                                    
  income (loss),                -485                              —             -485                —           —  
  net                                                                                                              
  of tax                                                                                                           
  Balance, June              $71,538                        155,360          -11,253            3,120     -75,689  
  30, 2024                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Fiscal Six Months Ended June 30, 2024                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        Retained                         Accumulated                     Treasury  
                      Total             Earnings and                           Other     Common Stock       Stock  
                                        Additional Paid-in             Comprehensive    Issued Amount      Amount  
                                        Capital                        Income (AOCI)                               
  Balance,                                                                                                         
  December 31,               $68,774                        153,843          -12,527            3,120     -75,662  
  2023                                                                                                             
  Net earnings                 7,941                          7,941                —                —           —  
  Cash dividends                                                                                                   
  paid ($2.43per              -5,854                         -5,854                —                —           —  
  share)                                                                                                           
  Employee                                                                                                         
  compensation and             1,015                           -570                —                —       1,585  
  stock option                                                                                                     
  plans                                                                                                            
  Repurchase of               -1,611                              —                —                —      -1,611  
  common stock                                                                                                     
  Other                           -1                              —                —                —          -1  
  Other                                                                                                            
  comprehensive                                                                                                    
  income (loss),               1,274                              —            1,274                —           —  
  net                                                                                                              
  of tax                                                                                                           
  Balance, June              $71,538                        155,360          -11,253            3,120     -75,689  
  30, 2024                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q5                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Fiscal Second Quarter Ended July 2, 2023                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                            Retained                  Accumulated         Common                                   
                            Earnings and                    Other          Stock    Treasury    Non-Control…       
                   Total    Additional               Comprehensi…         Issued       Stock        interest       
                            Paid-in                        Income         Amount      Amount           (NCI)       
                            Capital                                                                                
  Balance,                                                                                                         
  April 2,       $70,869                  124,558         -12,626          3,120     -44,183               —       
  2023                                                                                                             
  Net              5,144                    5,144               —              —           —               —       
  earnings                                                                                                         
  Cash                                                                                                             
  dividends                                                                                                        
  paid            -3,092                   -3,092               —              —           —               —       
  ($1.19per                                                                                                        
  share)                                                                                                           
  Employee                                                                                                         
  compensati…                                                                                                      
  and stock          649                      301               —              —         348               —       
  option                                                                                                           
  plans                                                                                                            
  Repurchase                                                                                                       
  of common         -381                        —               —              —        -381               —       
  stock                                                                                                            
  Other               -1                        —               —              —          -1               —       
  Kenvue IPO       4,278                    2,470             548                                      1,260    *  
  Other                                                                                                            
  comprehens…                                                                                                      
  income          -1,057                        —          -1,057              —           —               —       
  (loss), net                                                                                                      
  of tax                                                                                                           
  Balance,                                                                                                         
  July 2,        $76,409                  129,381         -13,135          3,120     -44,217           1,260       
  2023                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Fiscal Six Months Ended July 2, 2023                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                            Retained                  Accumulated         Common                                   
                            Earnings and                    Other          Stock    Treasury    Non-Control…       
                   Total    Additional               Comprehensi…         Issued       Stock        interest       
                            Paid-in                        Income         Amount      Amount           (NCI)       
                            Capital                                                                                
  Balance,                                                                                                         
  January 1,     $76,804                  128,345         -12,967          3,120     -41,694               —       
  2023                                                                                                             
  Net              5,076                    5,076               —              —           —               —       
  earnings                                                                                                         
  Cash                                                                                                             
  dividends                                                                                                        
  paid            -6,034                   -6,034               —              —           —               —       
  ($2.32per                                                                                                        
  share)                                                                                                           
  Employee                                                                                                         
  compensati…                                                                                                      
  and stock          944                     -476               —              —       1,420               —       
  option                                                                                                           
  plans                                                                                                            
  Repurchase                                                                                                       
  of common       -3,918                        —               —              —      -3,918               —       
  stock                                                                                                            
  Other              -25                        —               —              —         -25               —       
  Kenvue IPO       4,278                    2,470             548                                      1,260    *  
  Other                                                                                                            
  comprehens…                                                                                                      
  income            -716                        —            -716              —           —                       
  (loss), net                                                                                                      
  of tax                                                                                                           
  Balance,                                                                                                         
  July 2,        $76,409                  129,381         -13,135          3,120     -44,217           1,260       
  2023                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
* Includes $ 37million recorded in net earnings related to the 10.4% non-controlling interest in Kenvue.

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                   
  6                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

Johnson & Johnson and subsidiaries consolidated statements of cash flows

(Unaudited; Dollars in Millions)
                                                                                         
                                              Fiscal Six Months  June 30,       July 2,  
                                                          Ended      2024          2023  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash flows from operating activities                                                   
  Net earnings                                                     $7,941         5,076  
  Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to                                               
  cash flows from operating activities:                                                  
  Depreciation and amortization of                                  3,597         3,814  
  property and intangibles                                                               
  Stock based compensation                                            643           688  
  Asset write-downs                                                   379           388  
  Net gain on sale of assets/businesses                              -223           -47  
  Deferred tax provision                                           -2,257        -2,342  
  Credit losses and accounts receivable                                 —             —  
  allowances                                                                             
  Changes in assets and liabilities, net                                                 
  of effects from acquisitions and                                                       
  divestitures:                                                                          
                                                                                         
  Increase in accounts receivable                                  -1,163          -599  
  Increase in inventories                                            -739          -741  
  Increase/(Decrease) in accounts payable                             449        -1,061  
  and accrued liabilities                                                                
  Decrease/(Increase) in other current and                          3,731        -1,144  
  non-current assets                                                                     
  (Decrease)/Increase in other current and                         -3,068         3,407  
  non-current liabilities                                                                
  Net cash flows from operating activities                          9,290         7,439  
  Cash flows from investing activities                                                   
  Additions to property, plant and                                 -1,783        -1,987  
  equipment                                                                              
  Proceeds from the disposal of                                       573           116  
  assets/businesses, net (Note 10)                                                       
  Acquisitions, net of cash acquired (Note                        -14,807             —  
  10)                                                                                    
  Purchases of investments                                         -1,184        -9,688  
  Sales of investments                                              1,706        11,877  
  Credit support agreements activity, net                           1,430          -798  
  Other (including capitalized licenses                               -86            19  
  and milestones)                                                                        
  Net cash used by investing activities                           -14,151          -461  
  Cash flows from financing activities                                                   
  Dividends to shareholders                                        -5,854        -6,034  
  Repurchase of common stock                                       -1,611        -3,918  
  Proceeds from short-term debt                                    13,976        12,221  
  Repayment of short-term debt                                     -3,915       -13,611  
  Proceeds from long-term debt, net of                              6,659         7,674  
  issuance costs                                                                         
  Repayment of long-term debt                                        -803          -501  
  Proceeds from the exercise of stock                                                    
  options/employee withholding tax on                                 290           254  
  stock awards, net                                                                      
  Credit support agreements activity, net                             281          -126  
  Settlement of convertible debt acquired                  -970              —           
  from Shockwave                                                                         
  Proceeds from Kenvue initial public                                   —         4,241  
  offering                                                                               
  Other                                                                37           -53  
  Net cash flows from financing activities                          8,090           147  
                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q7                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                      
                                              Fiscal Six Months  June 30,    July 2,  
                                              Ended                  2024       2023  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Effect of exchange rate changes on cash                            -210        -69  
  and cash equivalents                                                                
  Increase in cash and cash equivalents                             3,019      7,056  
  Cash and cash equivalents from                                                      
  continuing operations, beginning of                              21,859     12,889  
  period                                                                              
  Cash and cash equivalents from                                                      
  discontinued operations, beginning of                                 —      1,238  
  period                                                                              
  Cash and Cash equivalents beginning of                           21,859     14,127  
  period                                                                              
  Cash and cash equivalents from                                   24,878     19,958  
  continuing operations, end of period                                                
  Cash and cash equivalents from                                        —      1,225  
  discontinued operations, end of period                                              
  Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                        $24,878     21,183  
  Acquisitions (Note 10)                                                              
  Fair value of assets acquired                                   $15,748          —  
  Fair value of liabilities assumed                                -1,629          —  
  Net cash paid for acquisitions                                  $14,119          —  
                                                                                      
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Amounts presented have not been recast to exclude discontinued operations.
                                                                                                                   
  8                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
   Notes to consolidated financial statements                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Note 1 — The accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements and related notes should be read in
conjunction with the audited Consolidated Financial Statements of Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiaries (the
Company) and related notes as contained in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2023. The unaudited interim financial statements include all adjustments (consisting only of normal
recurring adjustments) and accruals necessary in the judgment of management for a fair statement of the results for
the periods presented.

Columns and rows within tables may not add due to rounding. Percentages have been calculated using actual, non-
rounded figures.
New accounting standards
The Company assesses the adoption impacts of recently issued accounting standards by the Financial Accounting
Standards Board on the Company's financial statements as well as material updates to previous assessments, if any,
from the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023.
Recently adopted accounting standards
There were no new material accounting standards adopted in the fiscal six months in 2024.
Recently issued accounting standards
Not adopted as of June 30, 2024
ASU 2023-07: Segment Reporting (Topic 280) – Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures
This update requires expanded annual and interim disclosures for significant segment expenses that are regularly
provided to the chief operating decision maker and included within each reported measure of segment profit or loss.
This update will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2024. This standard is to be applied retrospectively to all periods presented in
the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted. While this accounting standard will increase disclosures, it
will not have a material impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statement results.
ASU 2023-09: Income Taxes (Topic 740) - Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
This update standardizes categories for the effective tax rate reconciliation, requires disaggregation of income
taxes and additional income tax-related disclosures. This update is required to be effective for the Company for
fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2024. While this accounting standard will increase disclosures, it will
not have a material impact on the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statement results.
There were no new material accounting standards issued in the fiscal second quarter of 2024.
Supplier finance program obligations

The Company has agreements for supplier finance programs with third-party financial institutions. These programs
provide participating suppliers the ability to finance payment obligations from the Company with the third-party
financial institutions. The Company is not a party to the arrangements between the suppliers and the third-party
financial institutions. The Company’s obligations to its suppliers, including amounts due, and scheduled payment
dates (which have general payment terms of 90days), are not affected by a participating supplier’s decision to
participate in the program.

As of June 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, $ 0.6billion and $ 0.7billion, respectively, were valid obligations
under the program. The obligations are presented as Accounts payable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q9                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Note 2 — Inventories                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                    
  (Dollars in Millions)         June 30, 2024    December 31, 2023  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Raw materials and supplies           $2,407                2,355  
  Goods in process                      2,556                1,952  
  Finished goods                        7,206                6,874  
  Total inventories                   $12,169               11,181  
                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
  Note 3 — Intangible assets and goodwill                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
Intangible assets that have finite useful lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. The latest annual
impairment assessment of goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets was completed in the fiscal fourth quarter
of 2023. Future impairment tests for goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets will be performed annually in
the fiscal fourth quarter, or sooner, if warranted.
                                                                                  
  (Dollars in Millions)                       June 30, 2024    December 31, 2023  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Intangible assets with definite lives:                                          
  Patents and trademarks — gross                    $43,438               40,417  
  Less accumulated amortization                     -24,835              -24,808  
  Patents and trademarks — net                       18,603               15,609  
  Customer relationships and other                   20,176               20,322  
  intangibles — gross                                                             
  Less accumulated amortization                     -13,018              -12,685  
  Customer relationships and other                    7,158                7,637  
  intangibles — net(1)                                                            
  Intangible assets with indefinite lives:                                        
  Trademarks                                          1,655                1,714  
  Purchased in-process research and                  12,309                9,215  
  development                                                                     
  Total intangible assets with indefinite            13,964               10,929  
  lives                                                                           
  Total intangible assets — net                     $39,725               34,175  
                                                                                  
(1) The majority is comprised of customer relationships
Goodwill as of June 30, 2024 was allocated by segment of business as follows:
                                                                                 
  (Dollars in Millions)                Innovative             MedTech     Total  
                                       Medicine                                  
  Goodwill at December 31, 2023                    $10,407     26,151    36,558  
  Goodwill, related to acquisitions                    563      7,494     8,057  
  Goodwill, related to divestitures                      —        -56       -56  
  Currency translation/Other                          -202       -107      -309  
  Goodwill at June 30, 2024                        $10,768     33,482    44,250  
                                                                                 
The weighted average amortization period for patents and trademarks is approximately 12years. The weighted average
amortization period for customer relationships and other intangible assets is approximately 18years. The
amortization expense of amortizable intangible assets included in the cost of products sold was $ 1.1billion and $
1.1billion for the fiscal second quarters ended June 30, 2024 and July 2, 2023, respectively. The amortization
expense of amortizable intangible assets included in the cost of products sold was $ 2.2billion and $ 2.2billion
for the fiscal six months ended June 30, 2024 and July 2, 2023, respectively. Intangible asset write-downs are
included in Other (income) expense, net.
                                                                                                                   
  10                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
The estimated amortization expense for approved products, before tax, for the five succeeding years is
approximately:
                                                             
  (Dollars in Millions)                                      
  2024                      2025     2026     2027     2028  
  $4,500                   3,900    3,300    2,700    2,000  
                                                             
See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details related to acquisitions and
divestitures.
                                                                                                                   
  Note 4 — Fair value measurements                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
The Company uses forward foreign exchange contracts to manage its exposure to the variability of cash flows,
primarily related to the foreign exchange rate changes of future intercompany product and third-party purchases of
materials denominated in a foreign currency. The Company uses cross currency interest rate swaps to manage currency
risk primarily related to borrowings. Both types of derivatives are designated as cash flow hedges.

Additionally, the Company uses interest rate swaps as an instrument to manage interest rate risk related to fixed
rate borrowings. These derivatives are designated as fair value hedges. The Company uses cross currency interest
rate swaps and forward foreign exchange contracts designated as net investment hedges. Additionally, the Company
uses forward foreign exchange contracts to offset its exposure to certain foreign currency assets and liabilities.
These forward foreign exchange contracts are not designated as hedges, and therefore, changes in the fair values of
these derivatives are recognized in earnings, thereby offsetting the current earnings effect of the related foreign
currency assets and liabilities.

The Company does not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes, or that
contain credit risk related contingent features. The Company maintains credit support agreements (CSA) with certain
derivative counterparties establishing collateral thresholds based on respective credit ratings and netting
agreements. As of June 30, 2024, the cumulative amount of cash collateral paid by the Company under the CSA
amounted to $ 2.3billion net, related to net investment and cash flow hedges. On an ongoing basis, the Company
monitors counter-party credit ratings. The Company considers credit non-performance risk to be low because the
Company primarily enters into agreements with commercial institutions that have at least an investment grade credit
rating. Refer to the table on significant financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value contained in this
footnote for receivables and payables with these commercial institutions. As of June 30, 2024, the Company had
notional amounts outstanding for forward foreign exchange contracts, cross currency interest rate swaps and
interest rate swaps of $ 44.5billion, $ 41.0billion and $ 10.0billion, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, the
Company had notional amounts outstanding for forward foreign exchange contracts, cross currency interest rate swaps
and interest rate swaps of $ 42.9billion, $ 39.7billion and $ 10.0billion, respectively.

All derivative instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. Changes in the fair value of
derivatives are recorded each period in current earnings or other comprehensive income, depending on whether the
derivative is designated as part of a hedge transaction, and if so, the type of hedge transaction.

The designation as a cash flow hedge is made at the entrance date of the derivative contract. At inception, all
derivatives are expected to be highly effective. Foreign exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges are
accounted for under the forward method and all gains/losses associated with these contracts will be recognized in
the income statement when the hedged item impacts earnings. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are
recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income until the underlying transaction affects earnings and are then
reclassified to earnings in the same account as the hedged transaction.

Gains and losses associated with interest rate swaps and changes in fair value of hedged debt attributable to
changes in interest rates are recorded to interest expense in the period in which they occur. Gains and losses on
net investment hedges are accounted for through the currency translation account within accumulated other
comprehensive income. The portion excluded from effectiveness testing is recorded through interest (income) expense
using the spot method. On an ongoing basis, the Company assesses whether each derivative continues to be highly
effective in offsetting changes of hedged items. If and when a derivative is no longer expected to be highly
effective, hedge accounting is discontinued.

The Company designated its Euro denominated notes with due dates ranging from 2024 to 2044 as a net investment
hedge of the Company's investments in certain of its international subsidiaries that use the Euro as their
functional currency in order to reduce the volatility caused by changes in exchange rates.

As of June 30, 2024, the balance of deferred net loss on derivatives included in accumulated other comprehensive
income was $ 899million after-tax. For additional information, see the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income and Note 7. The Company expects that substantially all of the amounts related to forward foreign exchange
contracts will be reclassified into earnings over the next 12 months as a result of transactions that are expected
to occur over that period. The maximum length of time over which the Company is hedging transaction exposure is
18months, excluding interest rate contracts and net investment hedge contracts. The amount ultimately realized in
earnings may differ as foreign exchange rates change. Realized gains and losses are ultimately determined by actual
exchange rates at maturity of the derivative.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q11                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
The following table is a summary of the activity related to derivatives and hedges for the fiscal second quarters
ended June 30, 2024 and July 2, 2023, net of tax:
                                                                                                                   
        Ju…                                                    J…                                                  
        30,                                                    2,                                                  
        20…                                                    2…                                                  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (…                Co…                   In…        Ot…                  C…                    I…         O…      
  in         Sa…    of         R&D        (I…        (I…           Sa…    of         R…         (…         (…      
  M…                Pr…        Ex…        Ex…        Ex…                  P…         E…         E…         E…      
                    So…                                                   S…                                       
  T…                                                                                                               
  e…                                                                                                               
  of                                                                                                               
  f…                                                                                                               
  v…                                                                                                               
  n…                                                                                                               
  i…                                                                                                               
  a…                                                                                                               
  c…                                                                                                               
  f…                                                                                                               
  h…                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
  G…                                                                                                               
  (…                                                                                                               
  on                                                                                                               
  f…                                                                                                               
  v…                                                                                                               
  h…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  I…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  s…                                                                                                               
  c…                                                                                                               
  H…          $—          —          —         -…         —          —          —          —        -1…         —  
  i…                                                                                                               
  D…                                                                                                               
  d…                                                                                                               
  as           —          —          —         53         —          —          —          —        175         —  
  h…                                                                                                               
  i…                                                                                                               
  G…                                                                                                               
  (…                                                                                                               
  on                                                                                                               
  n…                                                                                                               
  i…                                                                                                               
  h…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  C…                                                                                                               
  c…                                                                                                               
  i…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  s…                                                                                                               
  c…                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  of                                                                                                               
  g…                                                                                                               
  or                                                                                                               
  (…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  in                                                                                                               
  i…           —          —          —         33         —          —          —          —         33         —  
  on                                                                                                               
  d…                                                                                                               
  a…                                                                                                               
  e…                                                                                                               
  f…                                                                                                               
  e…                                                                                                               
  t…                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  of                                                                                                               
  g…                                                                                                               
  or           —          —          —         33         —          —          —          —         33         —  
  (…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  in                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  G…                                                                                                               
  (…                                                                                                               
  on                                                                                                               
  c…                                                                                                               
  f…                                                                                                               
  h…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  F…                                                                                                               
  f…                                                                                                               
  e…                                                                                                               
  c…                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  of                                                                                                               
  g…                                                                                                               
  or                                                                                                               
  (…          -1         94          8          —         3        -15         56        -12          —         3  
  r…                                                                                                               
  f…                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  i…                                                                                                               
  i…                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  of                                                                                                               
  g…                                                                                                               
  or           2         66         11          —         1        -14        251          7          —        18  
  (…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  in                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  C…                                                                                                               
  c…                                                                                                               
  i…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  s…                                                                                                               
  c…                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  of                                                                                                               
  g…                                                                                                               
  or                                                                                                               
  (…           —          —          —         42         —          —          —          —         74         —  
  r…                                                                                                               
  f…                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  i…                                                                                                               
  i…                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  of                                                                                                               
  g…                                                                                                               
  or          $—          —          —         -…         —          —          —          —        -4…         —  
  (…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  in                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  12                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

The following table is a summary of the activity related to derivatives and hedges for the fiscal six months ended
June 30, 2024 and July 2, 2023, net of tax:
                                                                                                                   
          June                                                July                                                 
          30,                                                 2,                                                   
          2024                                                2023                                                 
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (Do…                     Cost             Inte…    Other                      Cost              Inte…     Other  
  in             Sales       of      R&D    (Inc…    (Inc…            Sales       of       R&D    (Inc…    (Inco…  
  Mil…                    Prod…    Expe…    Expe…    Expe…                     Prod…    Expen…    Expe…    Expen…  
                           Sold                                                 Sold                               
  The                                                                                                              
  eff…                                                                                                             
  of                                                                                                               
  fair                                                                                                             
  val…                                                                                                             
  net                                                                                                              
  inv…                                                                                                             
  and                                                                                                              
  cash                                                                                                             
  flow                                                                                                             
  hed…                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
  Gain                                                                                                             
  (Lo…                                                                                                             
  on                                                                                                               
  fair                                                                                                             
  val…                                                                                                             
  hed…                                                                                                             
  rel…                                                                                                             
  Int…                                                                                                             
  rate                                                                                                             
  swa…                                                                                                             
  con…                                                                                                             
  Hed…              $—        —        —      -45        —                —        —         —       -6         —  
  ite…                                                                                                             
  Der…                                                                                                             
  des…                                                                                                             
  as                 —        —        —       45        —                —        —         —        6         —  
  hed…                                                                                                             
  ins…                                                                                                             
  Gain                                                                                                             
  (Lo…                                                                                                             
  on                                                                                                               
  net                                                                                                              
  inv…                                                                                                             
  hed…                                                                                                             
  rel…                                                                                                             
  Cro…                                                                                                             
  cur…                                                                                                             
  int…                                                                                                             
  rate                                                                                                             
  swa…                                                                                                             
  con…                                                                                                             
  Amo…                                                                                                             
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or                                                                                                               
  (lo…                                                                                                             
  rec…                                                                                                             
  in                                                                                                               
  inc…               —        —        —       67        —                —        —         —       67         —  
  on                                                                                                               
  der…                                                                                                             
  amo…                                                                                                             
  exc…                                                                                                             
  from                                                                                                             
  eff…                                                                                                             
  tes…                                                                                                             
  Amo…                                                                                                             
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or                 —        —        —       67        —                —        —         —       67         —  
  (lo…                                                                                                             
  rec…                                                                                                             
  in                                                                                                               
  AOCI                                                                                                             
  Gain                                                                                                             
  (Lo…                                                                                                             
  on                                                                                                               
  cash                                                                                                             
  flow                                                                                                             
  hed…                                                                                                             
  rel…                                                                                                             
  For…                                                                                                             
  for…                                                                                                             
  exc…                                                                                                             
  con…                                                                                                             
  Amo…                                                                                                             
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or                                                                                                               
  (lo…               —      259       12        —        1               -3      -90       -25        —         5  
  rec…                                                                                                             
  from                                                                                                             
  AOCI                                                                                                             
  into                                                                                                             
  inc…                                                                                                             
  Amo…                                                                                                             
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or                -1       47       33        —        5               10      396       -29        —         4  
  (lo…                                                                                                             
  rec…                                                                                                             
  in                                                                                                               
  AOCI                                                                                                             
  Cro…                                                                                                             
  cur…                                                                                                             
  int…                                                                                                             
  rate                                                                                                             
  swa…                                                                                                             
  con…                                                                                                             
  Amo…                                                                                                             
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or                                                                                                               
  (lo…               —        —        —       91        —                —        —         —      182         —  
  rec…                                                                                                             
  from                                                                                                             
  AOCI                                                                                                             
  into                                                                                                             
  inc…                                                                                                             
  Amo…                                                                                                             
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or                $—        —        —     -243        —                —        —         —      -15         —  
  (lo…                                                                                                             
  rec…                                                                                                             
  in                                                                                                               
  AOCI                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q13                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
As of June 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the following amounts were recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet
related to cumulative basis adjustment for fair value hedges:
                                                                                                                   
                                                            Cumulative Amount                                      
  Line item in the                                          of Fair Value                                          
  Consolidated                                              Hedging Gain/                                          
  Balance Sheet in                                          (Loss) Included                                        
  which the hedged                       Carrying Amount    in the                                                 
  item is included                         of the Hedged    Carrying Amount                                        
  (Dollars in                                  Liability    of the Hedged                                          
  Millions)           June 30, 2024    December 31, 2023    Liability          June 30, 2024    December 31, 2023  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Long-term Debt             $8,812                8,862                              -1,274               -1,216  
                                                                                                                   
The following table is the effect of derivatives not designated as hedging instruments for the fiscal second
quarters ended 2024 and 2023:
                                                                                                                   
  (Dollars                              Gain/(Los…                             Gain/(Lo…                           
  in           Location                 Recognized                             Recogniz…                           
  Millions)    of                       In                                     In                                  
  Derivati…    Gain                     Income on                              Income on                           
  Not          /(Loss)                  Derivative                             Derivati…                           
  Designat…    Recognized               Fiscal                                 Fiscal                              
  as           in                       Second                                 Six                                 
  Hedging      Income on                Quarter      June 30,       July 2,    Months       June 30,      July 2,  
  Instrume…    Derivative               Ended            2024          2023    Ended            2024         2023  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Foreign                  Other                                                                                   
  Exchange                 (income)                       $20            33                       45            2  
  Contracts                expense                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
The following table is the effect of net investment hedges for the fiscal second quarters ended in 2024 and 2023:
                                                                                                                   
                                                           Location of                                             
                                                           Gain or                                                 
                                                           (Loss)                                                  
                                                           Reclassifi…                                             
                                                           from           Gain/(Loss)                              
                Gain/(Loss)                                Accumulated    Reclassifi…                              
                Recognized                                 Other          From                                     
  (Dollars      In                                         Comprehens…    Accumulated                              
  in            Accumulated     June 30,        July 2,    Income Into    OCI          June 30,       July 2,      
  Millions)     OCI                 2024           2023    Income         Into Income  2024           2023         
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                           Interest                                                
  Debt                               $46             11    (income)                    —              —            
                                                           expense                                                 
  Cross                                                    Interest                                                
  Currency                           $92            -24    (income)                    —              —            
  interest                                                 expense                                                 
  rate swaps                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
The following table is the effect of net investment hedges for the fiscal six months ended in 2024 and 2023:
                                                                                                                   
                                                       Location                                                    
                                                       of Gain or                                                  
                                                       (Loss)                     Gain/(Los…                       
                                                       Reclassif…                 Reclassif…                       
               Gain/(Los…                              from                       From                             
               Recognized                              Accumulat…                 Accumulat…                       
               In                                      Other                      OCI                              
               Accumulat…                              Comprehen…                 Into                             
  (Dollars     OCI                                     Income                     Income                           
  in           June 30,            July 2,             Into                       June 30,         July 2,         
  Millions)    2024                2023                Income                     2024             2023            
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                   Interest                                        
  Debt                     $130                 -66                (income)                   —                 —  
                                                                   expense                                         
  Cross                                                                                                            
  Currency                                                         Interest                                        
  interest                 $820                 666                (income)                   —                 —  
  rate                                                             expense                                         
  swaps                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  14                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

The Company holds equity investments with readily determinable fair values and equity investments without readily
determinable fair values. The Company has elected to measure equity investments that do not have readily
determinable fair values at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price
changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer.
The following table is a summary of the activity related to equity investments:
                                                                                                                   
                    December 31,                                                        June 30,                   
                            2023                                                            2024                   
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                    Changes in                                                                     
  (Dollars in           Carrying    Fair Value           -Sales)/                       Carrying      Non Current  
  Millions)                Value    Reflected in         Purchases/Ot…                     Value     Other Assets  
                                    Net                                                                            
                                    Income(1)                                                                      
  Equity                                                                                                           
  Investments                                                                                                      
  with                    $4,473                   -4                   -3,999               470              470  
  readily                                                                                                          
  determinab…                                                                                                      
  value*                                                                                                           
  Equity                                                                                                           
  Investments                                                                                                      
  without                   $696                  -15                       -8               673              673  
  readily                                                                                                          
  determinab…                                                                                                      
  value                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
(1) Recorded in Other (income)/expense, net
(2) Other includes impact of currency
* The December 31, 2023 balance includes the 9.5% remaining stake in Kenvue. A debt to equity exchange was
completed in the fiscal second quarter of 2024.

On May 15, 2024, the Company issued $ 3.6billion aggregate principal amount of commercial paper and received $
3.6billion of net cash proceeds to be used for general corporate purposes. On May 17, 2024, the Company completed a
Debt-for-Equity Exchange of its remaining 182,329,550shares of Kenvue Common Stock for the outstanding Commercial
Paper. Upon completion of the Debt-for-Equity Exchange, the Commercial Paper was satisfied and discharged and the
Company no longer owns any shares of Kenvue Common Stock. This exchange resulted in a loss of approximately $
0.4billion recorded in Other (income) expense.

Fair value is the exit price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability. Fair value is
a market-based measurement determined using assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or
liability. In accordance with ASC 820, a three-level hierarchy was established to prioritize the inputs used in
measuring fair value. The levels within the hierarchy are described below with Level 1 inputs having the highest
priority and Level 3 inputs having the lowest.

The fair value of a derivative financial instrument (i.e., forward foreign exchange contracts, interest rate
contracts) is the aggregation by currency of all future cash flows discounted to its present value at the
prevailing market interest rates and subsequently converted to the U.S. Dollar at the current spot foreign exchange
rate. The Company does not believe that fair values of these derivative instruments materially differ from the
amounts that could be realized upon settlement or maturity, or that the changes in fair value will have a material
effect on the Company’s results of operations, cash flows or financial position. The Company also holds equity
investments which are classified as Level 1 and debt securities which are classified as Level 2. The Company holds
acquisition related contingent liabilities based upon certain regulatory and commercial events, which are
classified as Level 3, whose values are determined using discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques
for which the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimations.

The following three levels of inputs are used to measure fair value:

Level 1 — Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.

Level 2 — Significant other observable inputs.

Level 3 — Significant unobservable inputs.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q15                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
The Company’s significant financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of June 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023 were as follows:
                                                                                                                   
                                June 30, 2024                                            December 31, 2023         
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (Dollars in Millions)                        Level 1    Level 2    Level 3    Total    Total(1)                  
  Derivatives designated as                                                                                        
  hedging                                                                                                          
  instruments:                                                                                                     
  Assets:                                                                                                          
  Forward foreign exchange                          $—        523          —      523                         539  
  contracts                                                                                                        
  Interest rate contracts(2)                         —      1,392          —    1,392                         988  
  Total                                              —      1,915          —    1,915                       1,527  
  Liabilities:                                                                                                     
  Forward foreign exchange                           —        512          —      512                         624  
  contracts                                                                                                        
  Interest rate contracts(2)                         —      3,874          —    3,874                       5,338  
  Total                                              —      4,386          —    4,386                       5,962  
  Derivatives not designated                                                                                       
  as hedging                                                                                                       
  instruments:                                                                                                     
  Assets:                                                                                                          
  Forward foreign exchange                           —         27          —       27                          64  
  contracts                                                                                                        
  Liabilities:                                                                                                     
  Forward foreign exchange                           —         19          —       19                          75  
  contracts                                                                                                        
  Other Investments:                                                                                               
  Equity investments(3)                            470          —          —      470                       4,473  
  Debt securities(4)                                 —      6,840          —    6,840                       8,874  
  Other Liabilities                                                                                                
  Contingent                                        $—          —      1,248    1,248                       1,092  
  consideration(5)                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                
  Gross to Net Derivative Reconciliation    June 30, 2024    December 31, 2023  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (Dollars in Millions)                                                         
  Total Gross Assets                               $1,942                1,591  
  Credit Support Agreement (CSA)                   -1,911               -1,575  
  Total Net Asset                                      31                   16  
  Total Gross Liabilities                           4,405                6,037  
  Credit Support Agreement (CSA)                   -4,229               -5,604  
  Total Net Liabilities                              $176                  433  
                                                                                
Summarized information about changes in liabilities for contingent consideration for the fiscal second quarters
ended June 30, 2024 and July 2, 2023 is as follows:
                                                                       
                                        June 30, 2024    July 2, 2023  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (Dollars in Millions)                                                
  Beginning Balance                            $1,092           1,120  
  Changes in estimated fair value(6)               44              25  
  Additions                                       112               —  
  Payments                                          —              -3  
  Ending Balance                               $1,248           1,142  
                                                                       
(1) 2023 assets and liabilities are all classified as Level 2 with the exception of equity investments of $
4,473million, which are classified as Level 1 and contingent consideration of $ 1,092million, classified as Level
3.
(2) Includes cross currency interest rate swaps and interest rate swaps.
                                                                                                                   
  16                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

(3) Classified as non-current other assets.

(4) Classified within cash equivalents and current marketable securities.

(5) Classified as non-current other liabilities as of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively.

(6) Ongoing fair value adjustment amounts are primarily recorded in Research and Development expense.
The Company's cash, cash equivalents and current marketable securities as of June 30, 2024 comprised:
                                                                                                                   
  (Dollars     Carrying             Unrealized        Estimated             Cash &                Current          
  in           Amount               Gain              Fair Value            Cash                  Marketable       
  Millions)                                                                 Equivalen…            Securities       
  Cash                    $4,247                 —                 4,247                 4,247                  —  
  U.S.                                                                                                             
  Gov't                        —                 —                     —                     —                  —  
  securiti…                                                                                                        
  Non-U.S.                                                                                                         
  sovereign                  150                 —                   150                   150                  —  
  securiti…                                                                                                        
  U.S.                                                                                                             
  reverse                  8,496                 —                 8,496                 8,496                  —  
  repurcha…                                                                                                        
  agreemen…                                                                                                        
  Corporate                                                                                                        
  debt                         —                 —                     —                     —                  —  
  securiti…                                                                                                        
  Money                                                                                                            
  market                   4,883                 —                 4,883                 4,883                  —  
  funds                                                                                                            
  Time                       859                 —                   859                   859                  —  
  deposits…                                                                                                        
  Subtotal                18,635                 —                18,635                18,635                  —  
  U.S.                                                                                                             
  Gov’t                    6,585                 —                 6,585                 6,182                403  
  securiti…                                                                                                        
  U.S.                                                                                                             
  Gov’t                       11                 —                    11                     —                 11  
  Agencies                                                                                                         
  Other                                                                                                            
  sovereign                    2                 —                     2                     —                  2  
  securiti…                                                                                                        
  Corporate                                                                                                        
  debt                       242                 —                   242                    61                181  
  securiti…                                                                                                        
  Subtotal                                                                                                         
  available               $6,840                 —                 6,840                 6,243                597  
  for sale                                                                                                         
  debt(2)                                                                                                          
  Total                                                                                                            
  cash,                                                                                                            
  cash                                                                                                             
  equivale…              $25,475                 —                25,475                24,878                597  
  and                                                                                                              
  current                                                                                                          
  marketab…                                                                                                        
  securiti…                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
(1) Held to maturity investments are reported at amortized cost and gains or losses are reported in earnings.
(2) Available for sale debt securities are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reported net of
taxes in other comprehensive income.
As of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, the carrying amount was approximately the same as the estimated fair
value.

Fair value of government securities and obligations and corporate debt securities was estimated using quoted broker
prices and significant other observable inputs.
The Company classifies all highly liquid investments with stated maturities of three months or less from date of
purchase as cash equivalents and all highly liquid investments with stated maturities of greater than three months
from the date of purchase as current marketable securities. Available for sale securities with stated maturities of
greater than one year from the date of purchase are available to fund current operations and are classified as
either cash equivalents or current marketable securities.
The contractual maturities of the available for sale securities as of June 30, 2024 are as follows:
                                                                                     
  (Dollars in Millions)                     Cost Basis            Fair Value         
  Due within one year                                   $6,821                6,821  
  Due after one year through five years                     19                   19  
  Due after five years through ten years                     —                    —  
  Total debt securities                                 $6,840                6,840  
                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q17                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
Financial instruments not measured at fair value
The following financial liabilities are held at carrying amount on the consolidated balance sheet as of June 30,
2024:
                                                                                       
  (Dollars in Millions)                       Carrying             Estimated           
                                              Amount               Fair Value          
  Financial Liabilities                                                                
  Current Debt                                           $9,855                 9,835  
  Non-Current Debt                                                                     
  0.55% Notes due 2025                                      973                   950  
  2.46% Notes due 2026                                    1,998                 1,921  
  2.95% Notes due 2027                                      902                   955  
  0.95% Notes due 2027                                    1,430                 1,334  
  2.90% Notes due 2028                                    1,497                 1,418  
  1.150% Notes due 2028 (750MM Euro1.0721)                  801                   744  
  4.80% Notes due 2029(1)                                 1,145                 1,161  
  6.95% Notes due 2029                                      298                   332  
  1.30% Notes due 2030                                    1,626                 1,445  
  4.90% Notes due 2031(1)                                 1,145                 1,161  
  3.20% Notes due 2032 (700MM                               747                   750  
  Euro1.0721)(1)                                                                       
  4.95% Notes due 2033                                      499                   513  
  4.375% Notes due 2033                                     854                   835  
  4.95% Notes due 2034(1)                                   846                   860  
  1.650% Notes due 2035 (1.5B Euro1.0721)                 1,597                 1,384  
  3.35% Notes due 2036 (800MM                               852                   853  
  Euro1.0721)(1)                                                                       
  3.587% Notes due 2036                                     855                   876  
  5.95% Notes due 2037                                      994                 1,089  
  3.625% Notes due 2037                                   1,346                 1,310  
  3.40% Notes due 2038                                      993                   839  
  5.85% Notes due 2038                                      697                   756  
  4.50% Notes due 2040                                      541                   521  
  2.10% Notes due 2040                                      836                   670  
  4.85% Notes due 2041                                      297                   293  
  4.50% Notes due 2043                                      496                   470  
  3.55% Notes due 2044 (1.0B                              1,062                 1,062  
  Euro1.0721)(1)                                                                       
  3.73% Notes due 2046                                    1,978                 1,609  
  3.75% Notes due 2047                                      816                   805  
  3.50% Notes due 2048                                      743                   579  
  2.25% Notes due 2050                                      807                   593  
  5.25% Notes due 2054(1)                                   843                   854  
  2.45% Notes due 2060                                    1,055                   707  
  Other                                                      67                    67  
  Total Non-Current Debt                                $31,636                29,716  
                                                                                       
(1) In the fiscal second quarter of 2024, the Company issued senior unsecured notes for a total of $ 6.7billion.
The net proceeds from this offering were used to fund the Shockwave acquisition which closed on May 31, 2024, and
for general corporate purposes.
                                                                                                                   
  18                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

The weighted average effective interest rate on non-current debt is 3.28%.

The excess of the carrying value over the estimated fair value of debt was $ 1.0billion at December 31, 2023.

Fair value of the non-current debt was estimated using market prices, which were corroborated by quoted broker
prices and significant other observable inputs.

The current debt balance as of June 30, 2024 includes $ 8.5billion of commercial paper which has a weighted average
interest rate of 5.28% and a weighted average maturity of approximately one month.
                                                                                                                   
  Note 5 — Income taxes                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
The worldwide effective income tax rates for the fiscal six months of 2024 and 2023 were 16.1% and 2.7%,
respectively. The change in the consolidated tax rate as compared to the prior year is primarily due to a charge of
$ 7.0billion in the fiscal six months of 2023 and a charge of $ 3.0billion in the fiscal six months of 2024, both
related to talc matters. Both charges were recorded at an effective U.S. federal and state tax rate of
approximately 23% (for further information see Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).

Additionally in the fiscal six months of 2024, the effective tax rate was unfavorably impacted by legislative
changes that went into effect for Pillar Two in some of the Company's foreign jurisdictions as well as tax audit
expenses incurred in the fiscal second quarter of 2024 related to multi-year transfer pricing agreements with the
IRS and certain other foreign jurisdictions.

As of June 30, 2024, the Company had approximately $ 2.5billion of liabilities from unrecognized tax benefits. The
Company conducts business and files tax returns in numerous countries and currently has tax audits in progress in a
number of jurisdictions. With respect to the United States, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has completed its
audit for the tax years through 2016 and in the fiscal first quarter of 2024 has commenced the audit for tax years
2017 through 2020.

The Company currently expects completion of multi-year transfer pricing agreements with the IRS and certain other
foreign jurisdictions in the next 12 months. As a result, the Company has classified approximately $ 0.4billion of
unrecognized tax benefits and associated interest as a current liability on the “Accrued taxes on Income” line of
the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of the end of the second fiscal quarter of 2024 in anticipation of final
settlement.

In other major jurisdictions where the Company conducts business, the years that remain open to tax audit go back
to the year 2013. The Company believes it is possible that tax audits may be completed over the next twelve months
by taxing authorities in some jurisdictions outside of the United States. However, the Company is not able to
provide a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of any other future tax payments relating to uncertain tax
positions.
                                                                                                                   
  Note 6 — Pensions and other benefit plans                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
Components of net periodic benefit cost
Net periodic benefit costs for the Company’s defined benefit retirement plans and other benefit plans include the
following components:
                                                                                                                   
            Fiscal                                               Fiscal                                            
            Second                                               Six                                               
            Quarter                                              Months                                            
            Ended                                                Ended                                             
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                Retire…                 Other                        Retire…                Other  
                                  Plans               Benefit                          Plans               Benef…  
                                                        Plans                                               Plans  
  (Doll…                June    July 2,       June    July 2,                June    July 2,       June      July  
  in                     30,       2023        30,       2023                 30,       2023        30,        2,  
  Milli…                2024                  2024                           2024                  2024      2023  
  Servi…                $222        215         69         69                 446        425        138       137  
  cost                                                                                                             
  Inter…                 351        371         52         55                 703        723        104       109  
  cost                                                                                                             
  Expec…                                                                                                           
  return                                                                                                           
  on                    -639       -694         -1         -2              -1,281     -1,362         -3        -3  
  plan                                                                                                             
  assets                                                                                                           
  Amort…                                                                                                           
  of                                                                                                               
  prior                  -46        -46         -1         -1                 -92        -92         -1        -1  
  servi…                                                                                                           
  cost/…                                                                                                           
  Recog…                                                                                                           
  actua…                  44        -50         13          7                  87       -100         26        13  
  (gain…                                                                                                           
  Curta…                                                                                                           
  and                     -8          —          —          —                  -8          —          —         —  
  settl…                                                                                                           
  Net                                                                                                              
  perio…               $(76)       -204        132        128                -145       -406        264       255  
  benef…                                                                                                           
  cost/…                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q19                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

The service cost component of net periodic benefit cost is presented in the same line items on the Consolidated
Statement of Earnings where other employee compensation costs are reported, including Cost of products sold,
Research and development expense, Selling, marketing and administrative expenses, and in the fiscal second quarter
and fiscal six months of 2023, Net earnings from discontinued operations, net of taxes if related to the separation
of Kenvue. All other components of net periodic benefit cost are presented as part of Other (income) expense, net
on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings.

Company contributions

For the fiscal six months ended June 30, 2024, the Company contributed $ 61million and $ 7million to its U.S. and
international retirement plans, respectively. The Company plans to continue to fund its U.S. defined benefit plans
to comply with the Pension Protection Act of 2006. International plans are funded in accordance with local
regulations.
                                                                                                                   
  Note 7 — Accumulated other comprehensive income                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
Components of other comprehensive income/(loss) consist of the following:
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                Gain/          Total               
  (Dollars    Foreign                 Gain/            Employee             (Loss) On          Accumula…           
  in          Currency                (Loss) On        Benefit             Derivativ…          Other               
  Million…    Translat…               Securiti…        Plans                 & Hedges          Comprehe…           
                                                                                               Income/(…           
  December               $(10,149)               -1              -2,000                -377               -12,527  
  31, 2023                                                                                                         
  Net                        1,734                1                  61                -522                 1,274  
  change                                                                                                           
  June 30,                  -8,415                0              -1,939          -899                     -11,253  
  2024                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
Amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income are presented net of the related tax impact. Foreign currency
translation is not adjusted for income taxes where it relates to permanent investments in international
subsidiaries. For additional details on comprehensive income see the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income.

Details on reclassifications out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income:

Gain/(Loss) On Securities - reclassifications released to Other (income) expense, net.

Employee Benefit Plans - reclassifications are included in net periodic benefit cost. See Note 6 for additional
details.

Gain/(Loss) On Derivatives & Hedges - reclassifications to earnings are recorded in the same account as the
underlying transaction. See Note 4 for additional details.
                                                                                                                   
  20                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Note 8 — Earnings per share                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
The following is a reconciliation of basic net earnings per share to diluted net earnings per share:
                                                                                                                   
  (Shares in        Fiscal Second                                   Fiscal Six                                     
  Millions)         Quarter Ended  June 30, 2024    July 2, 2023    Months Ended    June 30, 2024    July 2, 2023  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Basic net                                                                                                        
  earnings per                                                                                                     
  share from                               $1.95            2.07                             3.30            1.88  
  continuing                                                                                                       
  operations                                                                                                       
  Basic net                                                                                                        
  earnings                                                                                                         
  (loss) per        —                                      -0.09                                —            0.07  
  share from                                                                                                       
  discontinued                                                                                                     
  operations                                                                                                       
  Total net                                                                                                        
  earnings per                              1.95            1.98                             3.30            1.95  
  share - basic                                                                                                    
  Average shares                                                                                                   
  outstanding —                          2,406.8         2,598.4                          2,407.5         2,601.9  
  basic                                                                                                            
  Potential                                                                                                        
  shares                                                                                                           
  exercisable                               62.6            95.2                             79.3            96.9  
  under stock                                                                                                      
  option plans                                                                                                     
  Less: shares                                                                                                     
  which could be                                                                                                   
  repurchased                              -47.4           -67.9                            -58.3           -68.1  
  under treasury                                                                                                   
  stock method                                                                                                     
  Average shares                                                                                                   
  outstanding —                          2,422.0         2,625.7                          2,428.5         2,630.7  
  diluted                                                                                                          
  Diluted net                                                                                                      
  earnings per                                                                                                     
  share from                                1.93            2.05                             3.27            1.86  
  continuing                                                                                                       
  operations                                                                                                       
  Diluted net                                                                                                      
  earnings                                                                                                         
  (loss) per                                                                                                       
  share             —                                      -0.09                                —            0.07  
  from                                                                                                             
  discontinuing                                                                                                    
  operations                                                                                                       
  Total net                                                                                                        
  earnings per                             $1.93            1.96                             3.27            1.93  
  share -                                                                                                          
  diluted                                                                                                          
  (Shares in                                                                                                       
  Millions)                                                                                                        
  The diluted                                                                                                      
  net earnings                                                                                                     
  per share                                                                                                        
  calculation                                                                                                      
  excluded the                                                                                                     
  following                                                                                                        
  number of                                                                                                        
  shares related                                                                                                   
  to stock                                                                                                         
  options, as                               72.2            50.8                             53.8            46.8  
  the exercise                                                                                                     
  price of these                                                                                                   
  options was                                                                                                      
  greater than                                                                                                     
  the average                                                                                                      
  market value                                                                                                     
  of the                                                                                                           
  Company’s                                                                                                        
  stock.                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q21                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
   Note 9 — Segments of business and geographic areas                                                              
                                                                                                                   
Following the separation of the Consumer Health business in the fiscal third quarter of 2023, the Company is now
organized into twobusiness segments: Innovative Medicine and MedTech. The segment results have been recast for all
periods to reflect the continuing operations of the Company.

Sales by segment of business
                                                                                                                   
               Fiscal                                                                                              
  (Dollars     Second                                               Fiscal Six                                     
  in           Quarter     June 30,    July 2,           Percent    Months      June 30,    July 2,    Percent     
  Millions)    Ended           2024       2023            Change    Ended           2024       2023     Change     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  INNOVATI…                                                                                                        
  MEDICINE                                                                                                         
  Immunolo…                                                                                                        
  U.S.                       $2,978      2,865      4.0        %                  $5,431      5,313        2.2  %  
  Internat…                   1,744      1,631      6.9                            3,538      3,295        7.4     
  Worldwide                   4,722      4,496      5.0                            8,969      8,608        4.2     
  REMICADE                                                                                                         
  U.S.                          231        277    -16.7                              497        553      -10.1     
  U.S.                           35         33      7.9                               62         74      -15.4     
  Exports                                                                                                          
  Internat…                     127        152    -16.6                              268        322      -16.9     
  Worldwide                     393        462    -14.9                              827        949      -12.9     
  SIMPONI /                                                                                                        
  SIMPONI                                                                                                          
  ARIA                                                                                                             
  U.S.                          267        285     -6.3                              521        556       -6.2     
  Internat…                     270        244     10.9                              569        510       11.7     
  Worldwide                     537        529      1.6                            1,091      1,066        2.3     
  STELARA                                                                                                          
  U.S.                        1,855      1,817      2.1                            3,251      3,268       -0.5     
  Internat…                   1,030        981      5.0                            2,085      1,974        5.6     
  Worldwide                   2,885      2,797      3.1                            5,336      5,241        1.8     
  TREMFYA                                                                                                          
  U.S.                          589        450     30.8                            1,098        856       28.2     
  Internat…                     317        255     23.9                              616        489       25.8     
  Worldwide                     906        706     28.3                            1,714      1,346       27.3     
  OTHER                                                                                                            
  IMMUNOLO…                                                                                                        
  U.S.                            2          4             -51.5                       2          7      -75.4     
  Internat…                       0          0        —                                0          0          —     
  Worldwide                       2          4             -51.5                       2          7      -75.4     
  Infectio…                                                                                                        
  Diseases                                                                                                         
  U.S.                          334        395    -15.4                              658        787      -16.4     
  Internat…                     631        727    -13.1                            1,128      1,920      -41.3     
  Worldwide                     965      1,121    -13.9                            1,786      2,707      -34.0     
  COVID-19                                                                                                         
  VACCINE                                                                                                          
  U.S.                            0          0        —                                0          0             —  
  Internat…                     172        285    -39.7                              197      1,032      -80.9     
  Worldwide                     172        285    -39.7                              197      1,032      -80.9     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  22                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                Fiscal                                                                                             
  (Dollars      Second                                                Fiscal Six                                   
  in            Quarter      June 30,    July 2,           Percent    Months       June 30,    July 2,    Percent  
  Millions)     Ended            2024       2023            Change    Ended            2024       2023     Change  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  EDURANT /                                                                                                        
  rilpiviri…                                                                                                       
  U.S.                              8          8     -2.8                                16         17       -7.0  
  Internati…                      288        258     11.5                               603        529       14.1  
  Worldwide                       297        266     11.0                               620        546       13.4  
  PREZISTA /                                                                                                       
  PREZCOBIX                                                                                                        
  / REZOLSTA                                                                                                       
  /                                                                                                                
  SYMTUZA                                                                                                          
  U.S.                            321        382    -16.0                               635        760      -16.5  
  Internati…                      117        109      6.5                               221        208        6.0  
  Worldwide                       438        491    -11.0                               856        968      -11.6  
  OTHER                                                                                                            
  INFECTIOUS                                                                                                       
  DISEASES                                                                                                         
  U.S.                              5          5     18.5                                 7         10      -29.4  
  Internati…                       55         74    -25.6                               107        151      -29.3  
  Worldwide                        61         79    -23.1                               114        161      -29.3  
  Neuroscie…                                                                                                       
  U.S.                          1,102      1,029      7.1                             2,156      2,007        7.4  
  Internati…                      679        764    -11.1                             1,428      1,590      -10.2  
  Worldwide                     1,782      1,793              -0.6                    3,585      3,597       -0.3  
  CONCERTA /                                                                                                       
  methylphe…                                                                                                       
  U.S.                             34         64    -47.7                                75        134      -44.3  
  Internati…                      129        143     -9.8                               265        279       -5.1  
  Worldwide                       163        208    -21.5                               340        414      -17.8  
  INVEGA                                                                                                           
  SUSTENNA /                                                                                                       
  XEPLION /                                                                                                        
  INVEGA                                                                                                           
  TRINZA /                                                                                                         
  TREVICTA                                                                                                         
  U.S.                            784        721      8.8                             1,549      1,434        8.0  
  Internati…                      269        310    -13.1                               561        641      -12.4  
  Worldwide                     1,054      1,031      2.2                             2,110      2,075        1.7  
  SPRAVATO                                                                                                         
  U.S.                            226        144     57.9                               417        255       63.9  
  Internati…                       44         25     73.5                                78         45       74.6  
  Worldwide                       271        169     60.2                               496        300       65.5  
  OTHER                                                                                                            
  NEUROSCIE…                                                                                                       
  U.S.                             57        100    -42.5                               115        184      -37.3  
  Internati…                      237        286    -17.0                               524        625      -16.2  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q23                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
               Fiscal                                                                                              
  (Dollars     Second                                               Fiscal Six                                     
  in           Quarter     June 30,    July 2,           Percent    Months      June 30,    July 2,    Percent     
  Millions)    Ended           2024       2023           Change     Ended           2024       2023     Change     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Worldwide                     294        386    -23.7                              639        809      -21.0     
  Oncology                                                                                                         
  U.S.                        2,636      2,069     27.4                            5,019      3,958       26.8     
  Internat…                   2,455      2,329      5.4                            4,885      4,552        7.3     
  Worldwide                   5,090      4,398     15.7                            9,904      8,510       16.4     
  CARVYKTI                                                                                                         
  U.S.                          167        114     46.5                              307        184       66.8     
  Internat…                      20          3           *                            36          5             *  
  Worldwide                     186        117     59.8                              343        189       81.5     
  DARZALEX                                                                                                         
  U.S.                        1,641      1,322     24.2                            3,105      2,513       23.6     
  Internat…                   1,237      1,110     11.5                            2,465      2,182       12.9     
  Worldwide                   2,878      2,431     18.4                            5,570      4,695       18.6     
  ERLEADA                                                                                                          
  U.S.                          318        241     32.2                              603        490       23.0     
  Internat…                     418        326     28.0                              822        619       32.8     
  Worldwide                     736        567     29.8                            1,425      1,109       28.4     
  IMBRUVICA                                                                                                        
  U.S.                          246        262     -6.4                              511        532       -3.9     
  Internat…                     525        579     -9.4                            1,043      1,136       -8.3     
  Worldwide                     770        841     -8.5                            1,554      1,668       -6.9     
  TECVAYLI                                                                                                         
  U.S.                          104         82     27.5                              205        139       47.7     
  Internat…                      30         12           *                            63         18             *  
  Worldwide                     135         94     42.9                              268        157       70.2     
  ZYTIGA/a…                                                                                                        
  acetate                                                                                                          
  U.S.                           11          9     21.6                               20         25      -19.7     
  Internat…                     154        218    -29.6                              326        447      -27.2     
  Worldwide                     165        227    -27.7                              346        472      -26.8     
  OTHER                                                                                                            
  ONCOLOGY                                                                                                         
  U.S.                          148         40           *                           267         75             *  
  Internat…                      71         80    -10.4                              131        144       -8.5     
  Worldwide                     221        120     84.2                              399        219       82.4     
  Pulmonary                                                                                                        
  Hyperten…                                                                                                        
  U.S.                          743        684      8.7                            1,509      1,284       17.5     
  Internat…                     296        289      2.6                              579        561        3.4     
  Worldwide                   1,039        972      6.9                            2,088      1,844       13.2     
  OPSUMIT                                                                                                          
  U.S.                          373        328     13.7                              729        601       21.3     
  Internat…                     170        179     -5.0                              339        346       -2.2     
  Worldwide                     544        507      7.1                            1,068        947       12.7     
  UPTRAVI                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  24                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
               Fiscal                                                                                              
  (Dollars     Second                                               Fiscal Six                                     
  in           Quarter      June 30,    July 2,          Percent    Months      June 30,    July 2,    Percent     
  Millions)    Ended            2024       2023          Change     Ended           2024       2023     Change     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  U.S.                           349        338     3.3                              741        642       15.5     
  Internat…                       76         61    24.6                              152        119       27.6     
  Worldwide                      426        399     6.6                              894        761       17.4     
  OTHER                                                                                                            
  PULMONARY                                                                                                        
  HYPERTEN…                                                                                                        
  U.S.                            20         18    18.8                               38         41       -6.1     
  Internat…                       50         48     3.1                               89         95       -6.7     
  Worldwide                       71         66     7.2                              127        136       -6.5     
  Cardiova…                                                                                                        
  /                                                                                                                
  Metaboli…                                                                                                        
  / Other                                                                                                          
  U.S.                           717        776    -7.7                            1,348      1,491       -9.6     
  Internat…                      176        174     0.6                              373        386       -3.6     
  Worldwide                      892        950    -6.2                            1,721      1,877       -8.3     
  XARELTO                                                                                                          
  U.S.                           587        637    -7.9                            1,105      1,215       -9.1     
  Internat…                        —          —       —                                —          —          —     
  Worldwide                      587        637    -7.9                            1,105      1,215       -9.1     
  OTHER                                                                                                            
  U.S.                           129        138    -6.4                              243        275      -11.8     
  Internat…                      176        174     0.6                              373        386       -3.6     
  Worldwide                      305        313    -2.5                              616        662       -7.0     
  TOTAL                                                                                                            
  INNOVATI…                                                                                                        
  MEDICINE                                                                                                         
  U.S.                         8,510      7,818     8.9                           16,122     14,841        8.6     
  Internat…                    5,980      5,913     1.1                           11,930     12,303       -3.0     
  Worldwide                   14,490     13,731     5.5                           28,052     27,144        3.3     
  MEDTECH                                                                                                          
  Cardiova…                                                                                                        
  U.S.                         1,119        908    23.3                            2,144      1,771       21.1     
  Internat…                      753        712     5.7                            1,534      1,352       13.4     
  Worldwide                    1,873      1,620    15.6                            3,679      3,123       17.8     
  ELECTROP…                                                                                                        
  U.S.                           705        609    15.7                            1,397      1,180       18.4     
  Internat…                      618        587     5.4                            1,270      1,109       14.6     
  Worldwide                    1,323      1,196    10.6                            2,667      2,288       16.5     
  ABIOMED                                                                                                          
  U.S.                           309        272    13.2                              612        536       14.1     
  Internat…                       72         59    20.7                              139        119       16.5     
  Worldwide                      379        331    14.5                              750        655       14.5     
  SHOCKWAV…                                                                                                        
  U.S.                            77          —          *                            77          —             *  
  Internat…                        0          —          —                             0          —             —  
  Worldwide                       77          —          *                            77          —             *  
  OTHER                                                                                                            
  CARDIOVA…                                                                                                        
  U.S.                            29         27    12.5                               59         55        7.7     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q25                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                Fiscal                                                                                             
  (Dollars      Second                                                Fiscal Six                                   
  in            Quarter      June 30,    July 2,           Percent    Months       June 30,    July 2,    Percent  
  Millions)     Ended            2024       2023           Change     Ended            2024       2023     Change  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Internati…                       64         67     -4.5                               126        125        0.8  
  Worldwide                        93         93      0.3                               185        180        2.9  
  Orthopaed…                                                                                                       
  U.S.                          1,422      1,388      2.5                             2,870      2,751        4.3  
  Internati…                      890        878      1.4                             1,782      1,759        1.3  
  Worldwide                     2,312      2,265      2.1                             4,652      4,510        3.2  
  HIPS                                                                                                             
  U.S.                            265        250      5.8                               535        491        8.9  
  Internati…                      152        147      3.4                               304        296        2.6  
  Worldwide                       417        397      4.9                               839        787        6.5  
  KNEES                                                                                                            
  U.S.                            230        221      4.2                               472        447        5.5  
  Internati…                      163        142     14.9                               323        284       13.6  
  Worldwide                       394        363      8.4                               795        731        8.7  
  TRAUMA                                                                                                           
  U.S.                            498        483      3.0                             1,002        974        2.9  
  Internati…                      260        255      2.4                               521        522        0.0  
  Worldwide                       759        739      2.8                             1,524      1,496        1.9  
  SPINE,                                                                                                           
  SPORTS &                                                                                                         
  OTHER                                                                                                            
  U.S.                            430        433     -0.8                               862        839        2.7  
  Internati…                      314        334     -6.1                               634        657       -3.5  
  Worldwide                       743        766     -3.1                             1,495      1,495        0.0  
  Surgery                                                                                                          
  U.S.                            995      1,015     -2.0                             1,982      1,990       -0.4  
  Internati…                    1,493      1,580     -5.5                             2,922      3,039       -3.8  
  Worldwide                     2,488      2,594     -4.1                             4,904      5,028       -2.5  
  ADVANCED                                                                                                         
  U.S.                            466        466      0.1                               912        910        0.2  
  Internati…                      675        757    -10.8                             1,316      1,430       -8.0  
  Worldwide                     1,141      1,222     -6.7                             2,228      2,340       -4.8  
  GENERAL                                                                                                          
  U.S.                            528        548     -3.7                             1,070      1,079       -0.9  
  Internati…                      818        823     -0.7                             1,606      1,608       -0.2  
  Worldwide                     1,346      1,372     -1.9                             2,676      2,688       -0.5  
  Vision                                                                                                           
  U.S.                            523        529     -1.2                             1,070      1,087       -1.5  
  Internati…                      763        778     -2.0                             1,473      1,521       -3.2  
  Worldwide                     1,285      1,308     -1.7                             2,543      2,608       -2.5  
  CONTACT                                                                                                          
  LENSES /                                                                                                         
  OTHER                                                                                                            
  U.S.                            409        409      0.2                               847        853       -0.6  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  26                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
               Fiscal                                                                                              
  (Dollars     Second                                               Fiscal Six                                     
  in           Quarter      June 30,    July 2,          Percent    Months      June 30,    July 2,    Percent     
  Millions)    Ended            2024       2023          Change     Ended           2024       2023     Change     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Internat…                      509        530    -4.0                              981      1,039       -5.6     
  Worldwide                      918        939    -2.2                            1,828      1,892       -3.4     
  SURGICAL                                                                                                         
  U.S.                           113        120    -5.8                              223        234       -4.8     
  Internat…                      254        249     2.1                              492        482        2.1     
  Worldwide                      367        369    -0.5                              715        716       -0.1     
  TOTAL                                                                                                            
  MEDTECH                                                                                                          
  U.S.                         4,059      3,839     5.7                            8,067      7,598        6.2     
  Internat…                    3,898      3,949    -1.3                            7,711      7,671        0.5     
  Worldwide                    7,957      7,788     2.2                           15,778     15,269        3.3     
  WORLDWIDE                                                                                                        
  U.S.                        12,569     11,657     7.8                           24,189     22,439        7.8     
  Internat…                    9,878      9,862     0.2                           19,641     19,974       -1.7     
  Worldwide                  $22,447     21,519     4.3  %                       $43,830     42,413        3.3  %  
                                                                                                                   
* Percentage greater than 100% or not meaningful

(1) Previously referred to as Interventional

(2) Acquired on May 31, 2024

Earnings before provision for taxes by segment
                                                                                                                   
              Fiscal                                              Fiscal                                           
  (Dollars    Second                                              Six                                              
  in          Quarter    June 30,    July 2,           Percent    Months    June 30,    July 2,           Percent  
  Million…    Ended          2024       2023           Change     Ended         2024       2023           Change   
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Innovat…                 $5,459      4,812     13.4  %                     $10,428      9,214     13.2  %        
  Medicin…                                                                                                         
  MedTech…                  1,089      1,671    -34.8                          2,609      3,080    -15.3           
  Segment                                                                                                          
  earnings                                                                                                         
  before                    6,548      6,483      1.0                         13,037     12,294      6.0           
  provisi…                                                                                                         
  for                                                                                                              
  taxes                                                                                                            
  Less:                                                                                                            
  Expense                                                                                                          
  not                         800        177                                   3,575      7,275                    
  allocat…                                                                                                         
  to                                                                                                               
  segment…                                                                                                         
  Worldwi…                                                                                                         
  income                                                                                                           
  (loss)                   $5,748      6,306     -8.8  %                      $9,462      5,019     88.5  %        
  before                                                                                                           
  tax                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
(1) Innovative Medicine includes:
• Intangible amortization expense of $ 0.7billion in both the fiscal second quarter of 2024 and 2023. Intangible
amortization expense of $ 1.4billion and $ 1.5billion in the fiscal six months of 2024 and 2023, respectively.
• One-time COVID-19 Vaccine related exit costs of $ 0.1billion in both the fiscal second quarter and fiscal six
months of 2024. One-time COVID-19 Vaccine related exit costs of $ 0.2billion and $ 0.6billion in the fiscal second
quarter and fiscal six months of 2023, respectively.
• Restructuring income of $ 0.1billion in the fiscal second quarter of 2024 and a restructuring related charge of $
0.1billion in the fiscal six months of 2024. A restructuring related charge of $ 0.1billion and $ 0.3billion in the
fiscal second quarter and fiscal six months of 2023, respectively. Refer to Note 12 for additional details.
• An In-process research and development impairment of $ 0.2billion in the fiscal second quarter and fiscal six
months of 2024 associated with the M710 (biosimilar) asset acquired from Momenta in 2020.
(2) MedTech includes:
• Intangible amortization expense of $ 0.4billion in both the fiscal second quarter of 2024 and 2023. Intangible
amortization expense of $ 0.8billion in both the fiscal six months of 2024 and 2023.
• Favorable intellectual property litigation settlements of $ 0.3billion in both the fiscal second quarter and
fiscal six months of 2023
• Acquisition and integration related expense of $ 0.6billion and $ 0.6billion, primarily driven by the Shockwave
acquisition, in the fiscal second quarter and fiscal six months of 2024, respectively. Acquisition and integration
related expense of $ 0.1billion in the fiscal six months of 2023.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q27                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

• A gain of $ 0.2billion related to the Acclarent divestiture recorded in Other (income) expense in the fiscal
second quarter and fiscal six months of 2024

• Restructuring related charge of $ 0.1billion in the fiscal second quarter and fiscal six months of 2024

(3 ) Amounts not allocated to segments include interest (income)/expense and general corporate (income)/expense.
The fiscal second quarters of 2024 and 2023 include charges for talc matters of $ 0.3billion and $ 0.2billion,
respectively. The fiscal six months of 2024 and 2023 include charges for talc matters of $ 3.0billion and $
7.1billion, respectively (See Note 11, Legal Proceedings, for additional details). The fiscal second quarter and
six months of 2024 includes a loss of approximately $ 0.4billion related to the debt to equity exchange of the
Company's remaining shares of Kenvue Common Stock

Sales by geographic area
                                                                                                                   
             Fiscal                                             Fiscal                                             
  (Dolla…    Second                                             Six                                                
  in         Quarter   June 30,     July 2,          Percent    Months    June 30,     July 2,          Percent    
  Millio…    Ended         2024        2023          Change     Ended         2024        2023          Change     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  United                $12,569      11,657     7.8  %                     $24,189      22,439     7.8  %          
  States                                                                                                           
  Europe                  5,214       5,131     1.6                         10,377      10,721    -3.2             
  Western                                                                                                          
  Hemisp…                 1,212       1,136     6.7                          2,406       2,212     8.8             
  exclud…                                                                                                          
  U.S.                                                                                                             
  Asia-P…                 3,452       3,595    -4.0                          6,858       7,041    -2.6             
  Africa                                                                                                           
  Total                 $22,447      21,519     4.3  %                     $43,830      42,413     3.3  %          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Note 10 — Acquisitions and divestitures                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
Subsequent to the quarter, on July 11, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Yellow Jersey Therapeutics
(Yellow Jersey), a demerged subsidiary of Numab Therapeutics, to secure the global rights to NM26, a novel,
investigational first-in-class bispecific antibody targeting two clinically proven pathways in atopic dermatitis
(AD), in an all-cash transaction for approximately $ 1.25billion. The transaction is being accounted for as an
asset acquisition, resulting in an in-process research and development (IPR&D) charge of approximately $
1.25billion recorded as part of research and development expense and the results of operations will be included in
the Innovative Medicine segment as of the acquisition date. The acquisition is not expected to be deductible for
tax purposes.

On June 20, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Proteologix, Inc., a privately held biotechnology
company focused on bispecific antibodies for immune-mediated diseases, for approximately $ 0.8billion net of cash
acquired, with potential for an additional milestone payment. The transaction was accounted for as a business
combination and the results of operations were included in the Innovative Medicine segment as of the acquisition
date. The fair value of the acquisition was allocated to assets acquired of $ 1.2billion, primarily non-amortizable
intangible assets, inclusive of purchased IPR&D, for $ 0.9billion, goodwill for $ 0.3billion, and $ 0.3billion of
liabilities acquired which included $ 0.1billion related to a contingent consideration. The preliminary purchase
price allocation is subject to any subsequent valuation adjustments within the measurement period. A probability of
success factor ranging from 30% to 45% was used in the fair value calculation to reflect inherent regulatory and
commercial risk of the IPR&D. The discount rate applied was approximately 16%. The goodwill is primarily
attributable to synergies expected to arise from the business acquisition and is not expected to be deductible for
tax purposes. Acquisition related costs before tax for the fiscal second quarter of 2024 were notmaterial.

On May 31, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Shockwave Medical Inc. (SWAV)(Shockwave), a leading,
first-to-market provider of innovative intravascular lithotripsy (IVL) technology for the treatment of calcified
coronary artery disease (CAD) and peripheral artery disease (PAD) in an all-cash merger transaction. The Company
acquired all the outstanding shares of Shockwave’s common stock for $ 335.00per share through a merger of Shockwave
with a subsidiary of the Company. The transaction was accounted for as a business combination and the results of
operations were included in the MedTech segment as of the acquisition date.
                                                                                                                   
  28                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
Details of the fair value amounts recognized for assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition
date:
                                                       
  (Dollars in Billions)                                
  Assets acquired:                                     
  Cash                                           $1.1  
  Goodwill                                        7.5  
  Amortizable intangibles                         5.3  
  IPR&D                                           0.6  
  Inventory                                       0.5  
  Other assets                                    0.5  
  Total assets acquired                         $15.5  
  Liabilities assumed:                                 
  Deferred taxes                                 $1.5  
  Notes payable*                                  1.0  
  Accrued liabilities**                           0.4  
  Total liabilities assumed                      $2.9  
  Net assets acquired                           $12.6  
  Net assets acquired as of May 31, 2024        $12.6  
  Less: Cash acquired                             1.1  
  Equity awards settled                           0.6  
  Settlement of Note payable*                     1.0  
  Total enterprise value as of June 30, 2024    $13.1  
                                                       
• Represents the convertible debt which was subsequently paid in the fiscal second quarter of 2024.
** Includes $ 0.2billion of equity awards
The preliminary purchase price allocation is subject to any subsequent valuation adjustments within the measurement
period. The goodwill is primarily attributable to synergies expected to arise from the business acquisition and is
not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. Acquisition related costs before tax for the fiscal second quarter
were $ 0.5billion of which $ 0.4billion related to equity awards and was recorded in Other (income) expense. The
amortizable intangible assets were primarily comprised of already in-market CAD and PAD IVL products with the
average weighted lives of 14years. The IPR&D assets were valued for technology programs for unapproved products.
The value of the IPR&D was calculated using a probability-adjusted cash flow projection discounted for the risk
inherent in such projects with the weighted average probability of success factors of approximately 50%. The
discount rate applied was 9.0%.

During the fiscal first quarter of 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Ambrx Biopharma, Inc., (Ambrx), a
clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a proprietary synthetic biology technology platform to design and
develop next-generation antibody drug conjugates (ADCs), in an all-cash merger transaction for a total equity value
of approximately $ 2.0billion, or $ 1.8billion net of cash acquired. The Company acquired all of the outstanding
shares of Ambrx’s common stock for $ 28.00per share through a merger of Ambrx with a subsidiary of the Company. The
transaction was accounted for as a business combination and the results of operations were included in the
Innovative Medicine segment as of the acquisition date. The fair value of the acquisition was allocated to assets
acquired of $ 2.3billion, primarily non-amortizable intangible assets, inclusive of purchased IPR&D, for $
1.9billion, goodwill for $ 0.3billion and liabilities assumed of $ 0.5billion, which includes deferred taxes of $
0.4billion. The preliminary purchase price allocation is subject to any subsequent valuation adjustments within the
measurement period. A probability of success factor ranging from 40% to 70% was used in the fair value calculation
to reflect inherent regulatory and commercial risk of the IPR&D. The discount rate applied was approximately 17%.
The goodwill is primarily attributable to synergies expected to arise from the business acquisition and is not
expected to be deductible for tax purposes. Acquisition related costs before tax for the fiscal six months of 2024
were not material.

Divestitures

In the fiscal second quarter of 2024, the Company completed the divestiture of Acclarent resulting in approximately
$ 0.3billion in proceeds. In the fiscal first quarter of 2024, the Company completed the divestiture of Ponvory
outside of the U.S. resulting in approximately $ 0.2billion in proceeds.

There were no material acquisitions or divestitures in the fiscal first quarter or fiscal second quarter of 2023.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q29                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Note 11 — Legal Proceedings                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Johnson & Johnson and certain of its subsidiaries are involved in various lawsuits and claims regarding product
liability; intellectual property; commercial; indemnification and other matters; governmental investigations; and
other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of their business.

The Company records accruals for loss contingencies associated with these legal matters when it is probable that a
liability will be incurred, and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. As of June 30, 2024, the
Company has determined that the liabilities associated with certain litigation matters are probable and can be
reasonably estimated. The Company has accrued for these matters and will continue to monitor each related legal
issue and adjust accruals as might be warranted based on new information and further developments in accordance
with ASC 450-20-25. For these and other litigation and regulatory matters discussed below for which a loss is
probable or reasonably possible, the Company is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss beyond the
amounts accrued. Amounts accrued for legal contingencies often result from a complex series of judgments about
future events and uncertainties that rely heavily on estimates and assumptions including timing of related
payments. The ability to make such estimates and judgments can be affected by various factors including, among
other things, whether damages sought in the proceedings are unsubstantiated or indeterminate; scientific and legal
discovery has not commenced or is not complete; proceedings are in early stages; matters present legal
uncertainties; there are significant facts in dispute; procedural or jurisdictional issues; the uncertainty and
unpredictability of the number of potential claims; ability to achieve comprehensive multi-party settlements;
complexity of related cross-claims and counterclaims; and/or there are numerous parties involved. To the extent
adverse awards, judgments or verdicts have been rendered against the Company, the Company does not record an
accrual until a loss is determined to be probable and can be reasonably estimated.

In the Company’s opinion, based on its examination of these matters, its experience to date and discussions with
counsel, the ultimate outcome of legal proceedings, net of liabilities accrued in the Company’s balance sheet, is
not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position. However, the resolution of, or
increase in accruals for, one or more of these matters in any reporting period may have a material adverse effect
on the Company’s results of operations and cash flows for that period.

Matters concerning talc

A significant number of personal injury claims alleging that talc causes cancer have been asserted against Johnson
& Johnson Consumer Inc., its successor LLT Management LLC (previously known as LTL Management LLC) and the Company
arising out of the use of body powders containing talc, primarily JOHNSON’S Baby Powder.

In talc cases that have gone to trial, the Company has obtained a number of defense verdicts, but there also have
been verdicts against the Company, many of which have been reversed on appeal. In June 2020, the Missouri Court of
Appeals reversed in part and affirmed in part a July 2018 verdict of $ 4.7billion in Ingham v. Johnson & Johnson,
et al., No. ED 207476 (Mo. App.), reducing the overall award to $ 2.1billion. An application for transfer of the
case to the Missouri Supreme Court was subsequently denied, and in June 2021, a petition for certiorari, seeking a
review of the Ingham decision by the United States Supreme Court, was denied. In June 2021, the Company paid the
award, which, including interest, totaled approximately $ 2.5billion. The facts and circumstances, including the
terms of the award, were unique to the Ingham decision and not representative of other claims brought against the
Company. The Company continues to believe that it has strong legal grounds to contest the other talc verdicts that
it has appealed. Notwithstanding the Company’s confidence in the safety of its talc products, in certain
circumstances the Company has settled cases.

In June 2014, the Mississippi Attorney General filed a complaint against the Company alleging violation of the
Mississippi Consumer Protection Act by failing to disclose alleged health risks associated with female consumers’
use of talc contained in JOHNSON’S Baby Powder and JOHNSON’S Shower to Shower (a product divested in 2012). The
Company has reached an agreement to resolve this matter.

In January 2020, the State of New Mexico filed a consumer protection case alleging that the Company deceptively
marketed and sold its talcum powder products by making misrepresentations about the safety of the products and the
presence of carcinogens, including asbestos. The Company has reached an agreement to resolve this matter.

Forty-two states and the District of Columbia commenced a joint investigation into the Company’s marketing of its
talcum powder products. In January 2024, the Company reached an agreement in principle with the multi-state group
of state Attorneys General, subject to ongoing negotiation of non-monetary terms. In June 2024, the settlements
were finalized.

In October 2021, Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. (Old JJCI) implemented a corporate restructuring (the 2021
Corporate Restructuring). As a result of that restructuring, Old JJCI ceased to exist and threenew entities were
created: (a) LTL Management LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company (LTL or Debtor); (b) Royalty A&M LLC, a
North Carolina limited liability company and
                                                                                                                   
  30                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

a direct subsidiary of LTL (RAM); and (c) the Debtor’s direct parent, Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc., a New Jersey
company (New JJCI). The Debtor received certain of Old JJCI’s assets and became solely responsible for the talc-
related liabilities of Old JJCI, including all liabilities related in any way to injury or damage, or alleged
injury or damage, sustained or incurred in the purchase or use of, or exposure to, talc, including talc contained
in any product, or to the risk of, or responsibility for, any such damage or injury, except for any liabilities for
which the exclusive remedy is provided under a workers’ compensation statute or act (the Talc-Related Liabilities).

In October 2021, notwithstanding the Company’s confidence in the safety of its talc products, the Debtor filed a
voluntary petition with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Western District of North Carolina, Charlotte
Division, seeking relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (the LTL Bankruptcy Case). All litigation against
LTL, Old JJCI, New JJCI, the Company, other of their corporate affiliates, identified retailers, insurance
companies, and certain other parties (the Protected Parties) was stayed. The LTL Bankruptcy Case was transferred to
the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Jersey. Claimants filed motions to dismiss the LTL
Bankruptcy Case and, following a multiple day hearing, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court denied those motions in
March 2022.

The claimants subsequently filed notices of appeal as to the denial of the motions to dismiss the LTL Bankruptcy
Case and the extension of the stay to the Protected Parties. On January 30, 2023, the Third Circuit reversed the
Bankruptcy Court’s ruling and remanded to the Bankruptcy Court to dismiss the LTL bankruptcy.

In April 2023, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court dismissed the LTL Bankruptcy Case, effectively lifting the stay as
to all parties and returning the talc litigation to the tort system. LTL re-filed in the United States Bankruptcy
Court for the District of New Jersey seeking relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (the LTL 2 Bankruptcy
Case). As a result of the new filing, all talc claims against LTL were again automatically stayed pursuant to
section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code. Additionally, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court issued a temporary restraining
order staying all litigation as to LTL, Old JJCI, New JJCI, the Company, identified retailers, and certain other
parties (the New Protected Parties).

Also in April 2023, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court issued a decision that granted limited injunctive relief to the
Company and the New Protected Parties (the LTL 2 Preliminary Injunction). The LTL 2 Preliminary Injunction remained
in force until late August 2023, following the Bankruptcy Court’s extension of the initial LTL 2 Preliminary
Injunction in June 2023. Under the LTL 2 Preliminary Injunction, except for in those cases filed in the federal
court ovarian cancer multi-district litigation, discovery in all personal injury and wrongful death matters was
permitted to proceed.

Furthermore, in April 2023, the Talc Claimants' Committee filed a motion to dismiss the LTL 2 Bankruptcy followed
by similar motions from other claimants. Hearings on the motions to dismiss occurred in June 2023. In July 2023,
the court dismissed the LTL 2 Bankruptcy case and, the same day, the Company stated its intent to appeal the
decision and to continue its efforts to obtain a resolution of the talc claims. In September 2023, the Bankruptcy
Court entered an order granting LTL leave to seek a direct appeal to the Third Circuit Court of Appeals. In October
2023, the Third Circuit granted LTL’s petition for a direct appeal. Briefing is ongoing.

In October 2023, the Company stated that it was pursuing the following four parallel and alternative pathways to
achieve a comprehensive and final resolution of the talc claims: (i) the appeal of the LTL 2 dismissal decision;
(ii) pursuing a consensual “prepackaged” bankruptcy case, as “strongly encouraged” by the Bankruptcy Court in its
dismissal decision; (iii) aggressively litigating the talc claims in the tort system; and (iv) pursuing affirmative
claims against experts for false and defamatory narratives regarding the Company’s talc powder products.

Following the dismissal of LTL 2, new lawsuits were filed, cases across the country that had been stayed were
reactivated, and trials have commenced. The majority of the cases are pending in federal court, organized in a
multi-district litigation (MDL) in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. In the MDL,
case-specific discovery is proceeding and a trial is scheduled to occur in December 2024. In March 2024, the court
granted the Company's motion for a renewed Daubert hearing prior to the trial.

On May 1, 2024, the Company commenced a three-month solicitation period of its proposed consensual “prepackaged”
chapter 11 bankruptcy plan (the “Proposed Plan”) for the comprehensive and final resolution of all current and
future claims related to cosmetic talc in the United States, excluding claims related to mesothelioma or State
consumer protection claims, in exchange for the payment by the Company of present value of approximately $
6.475billion payable over 25years (nominal value of approximately $ 8.0billion, discounted at a rate of 4.4%). The
claims encompassed by the Proposed Plan constitute 99.75% of pending lawsuits against the Company relating to its
talc powder products. Mesothelioma and State consumer protection claims are being addressed outside the Proposed
Plan. The Company separately has resolved 95% of the mesothelioma lawsuits filed to date and has resolved the State
claims.

To account for these settlements and the contemplated comprehensive resolution through the Proposed Plan, the
Company recorded an incremental charge of approximately $ 3.0billion, through the second fiscal quarter 2024. As of
June 30, 2024, the total present value of the reserve is approximately $ 10.6billion (or nominal value of
approximately $ 12.8billion), net of payments made in fiscal 2024. Approximately one-third of the reserve is
recorded as a current liability. The recorded amount remains the Company's best estimate of probable loss.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q31                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

During the pendency of the solicitation period, the Company will continue to pursue in parallel the other three
previously-announced pathways to resolve the talc claims, including proceeding with the Daubert motions in the MDL.

In February 2019, the Company’s talc supplier, Imerys Talc America, Inc. and two of its affiliates, Imerys Talc
Vermont, Inc. and Imerys Talc Canada, Inc. (collectively, Imerys) filed a voluntary petition for relief under
chapter 11 of the United States Code (the Bankruptcy Code) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District
of Delaware (Imerys Bankruptcy). The Imerys Bankruptcy relates to Imerys’s potential liability for personal injury
from exposure to talcum powder sold by Imerys. In its bankruptcy, Imerys alleges it has claims against the Company
for indemnification and rights to joint insurance proceeds. In its bankruptcy, Imerys proposed a chapter 11 plan
(the Imerys Plan) that contemplated all talc-related claims against it being channeled to a trust along with its
alleged indemnification rights against the Company. Following confirmation and consummation of the plan, the trust
would pay talc claims pursuant to proposed trust distribution procedures (the TDP) and then seek indemnification
from the Company.

In February 2021, Cyprus Mines Corporation (Cyprus), which had owned certain Imerys talc mines, filed a voluntary
petition for relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code and filed its Disclosure Statement and Plan (the Cyprus
Plan). The Cyprus Plan contemplates a settlement with Imerys and talc claimants where Cyprus would make a monetary
contribution to a trust established under the Imerys Plan in exchange for an injunction against talc claims
asserted against it and certain affiliated parties.

In September 2023, Imerys and Cyprus filed amended plans of reorganization. The amended plans contemplate a similar
construct as the prior Imerys and Cyprus Plans, including all talc claims against Imerys and Cyprus (and certain
other protected parties) being channeled to a trust along with Imerys’s and Cyprus’s alleged indemnification rights
against the Company. In January 2024, Imerys and Cyprus each filed a disclosure statement for its respective
Chapter 11 plans. On April 29, 2024, the Company, Imerys and Cyprus reached an agreement in principle on monetary
and non-monetary terms to resolve their ongoing disputes, including disputes raised in the Imerys and Cyprus
bankruptcies. The parties have finalized the agreement, which will be submitted to the Bankruptcy Court for
approval on August 15, 2024. Imerys and Cyprus have adjourned the hearing on their respective disclosure statements
pending submission of the agreement to the court.

In February 2018, a securities class action lawsuit was filed against the Company and certain named officers in the
United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, alleging that the Company violated the federal
securities laws by failing to disclose alleged asbestos contamination in body powders containing talc, primarily
JOHNSON’S Baby Powder, and that purchasers of the Company’s shares suffered losses as a result. In April 2019, the
Company moved to dismiss the complaint. In December 2019, the Court denied, in part, the motion to dismiss. In
April 2021, briefing on Plaintiff’s motion for class certification was completed. The case was stayed in May 2022
pursuant to the LTL Bankruptcy Case and was reopened in May 2023. In December 2023, the Court granted Plaintiff’s
motion for class certification. In January 2024, Defendants filed a petition with the Third Circuit under Federal
Rule of Civil Procedure 23(f) for permission to appeal the Court’s order granting class certification, and in
February 2024, the Third Circuit granted Defendants' petition. In February 2024, fact discovery closed, the Court
ordered the parties to mediate, and stayed the case pending mediation. In May 2024, the parties participated in an
unsuccessful mediation. In June 2024, the parties requested that the case remain stayed, except for certain limited
discovery, pending a decision from the Third Circuit on the 23(f) petition.

A lawsuit was brought against the Company in the Superior Court of California for the County of San Diego alleging
violations of California’s Consumer Legal Remedies Act (CLRA) relating to JOHNSON’S Baby Powder. In that lawsuit,
the plaintiffs allege that the Company violated the CLRA by failing to provide required Proposition 65 warnings.
The Company removed the lawsuit to the United States District Court for the Southern District of California. In
January 2021, the court granted the Company's motion to dismiss plaintiffs' Fifth Amended Complaint with prejudice.
On April 29, 2024, the Ninth Circuit affirmed the District Court's order dismissing the case with prejudice.

In addition, the Company has received inquiries, subpoenas, and requests to produce documents regarding talc
matters and the LTL Bankruptcy Case from various governmental authorities. The Company has produced documents and
responded to inquiries, and will continue to cooperate with government inquiries.

Matters concerning opioids

Beginning in 2014 and continuing to the present, the Company and Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (JPI), along with
other pharmaceutical companies, have been named in close to 3,500lawsuits related to the marketing of opioids,
including DURAGESIC, NUCYNTA and NUCYNTA ER. The majority of the cases were filed by state and local governments,
which were subject to a final settlement in 2021. As of January 2024, the Company and JPI have settled or otherwise
resolved the opioid claims advanced by all government entity claimants except the City of Baltimore, a number of
school districts, and other claimants. Similar lawsuits have also been filed by private plaintiffs and
organizations, including but not limited to the following: individual plaintiffs on behalf of children born with
Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome (NAS); hospitals; and health insurers/payors.

To date, the Company and JPI have litigated two of the cases to judgment and have prevailed in both, either at
trial or on appeal.

In July 2021, the Company announced finalization of an agreement to settle all remaining state and subdivision
claims for up to $ 5.0billion. Approximately 70% of the all-in settlement was paid by the end of fiscal second
quarter 2024.
                                                                                                                   
  32                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

The Company and JPI continue to defend the cases brought by the remaining government entity litigants as well as
the cases brought by private litigants, including NAS claimants, and health insurers/payors. Counting the private
litigant cases, there are approximately 20remaining opioid cases against the Company and JPI in various state
courts, 420remaining cases in the Ohio MDL, and 3additional cases in other federal courts. Some of these cases have
been dismissed and are being appealed by the plaintiffs and certain others are scheduled for trial in 2024, 2025,
or 2026.

In addition, the Province of British Columbia filed suit against the Company and its Canadian affiliate Janssen
Inc., and many other industry members, in Canada, and is seeking to have that action certified as an opt in class
action on behalf of other provincial/territorial and the federal governments in Canada. Additional proposed class
actions have been filed in Canada against the Company and Janssen Inc., and many other industry members, by and on
behalf of people who used opioids (for personal injuries), municipalities and First Nations bands. The proposed
class action in Quebec on behalf of residents diagnosed with opioid use disorder was authorized to proceed against
Janssen Inc. and other industry members in April 2024; leave to appeal has been sought. These actions allege a
variety of claims related to opioid marketing practices, including false advertising, unfair competition, public
nuisance, consumer fraud violations, deceptive acts and practices, false claims and unjust enrichment. An adverse
judgment in any of these lawsuits could result in the imposition of large monetary penalties and significant
damages including, punitive damages, cost of abatement, substantial fines, equitable remedies and other sanctions.

In November 2019, a shareholder filed a derivative complaint against the Company as the nominal defendant and
certain current and former directors and officers as defendants in the Superior Court of New Jersey. The complaint
alleges breaches of fiduciary duties related to the marketing of opioids, and that the Company has suffered damages
as a result of those alleged breaches. A series of additional derivative complaints making similar allegations
against the same and similar defendants were filed in New Jersey state and federal courts in 2019 and 2020. By
2022, all but two state court cases had been voluntarily dismissed. In February 2022, the state court granted the
Company’s motion to dismiss one of the two cases, and the shareholder that brought the second case filed a notice
of dismissal. The shareholder whose complaint was dismissed appealed the state court’s dismissal order, and
briefing on the appeal concluded in October 2022. In February 2024, the appellate court affirmed the dismissal of
the shareholder's amended complaint. In March 2024, the shareholder filed a notice of petition for certification
with the Supreme Court of New Jersey seeking review of the appellate court's decision. In May 2024, briefing on the
shareholder's petition for certification concluded.

Product liability

The Company and certain of its subsidiaries are involved in numerous product liability claims and lawsuits
involving multiple products. Claimants in these cases seek substantial compensatory and, where available, punitive
damages. While the Company believes it has substantial defenses, it is not feasible to predict the ultimate outcome
of litigation. From time to time, even if it has substantial defenses, the Company considers isolated settlements
based on a variety of circumstances. The Company has accrued for these matters and will continue to monitor each
related legal issue and adjust accruals as might be warranted based on new information and further developments in
accordance with ASC 450-20-25, Contingencies. The Company accrues an estimate of the legal defense costs needed to
defend each matter when those costs are probable and can be reasonably estimated. For certain of these matters, the
Company has accrued additional amounts such as estimated costs associated with settlements, damages and other
losses. Product liability accruals can represent projected product liability for thousands of claims around the
world, each in different litigation environments and with different fact patterns. Changes to the accruals may be
required in the future as additional information becomes available.
The table below contains the most significant of these cases and provides the approximate number of plaintiffs in
the United States with direct claims in pending lawsuits regarding injuries allegedly due to the relevant product
or product category as of June 30, 2024:
                                                                                     
  Product or product category                          Number of plaintiffs          
  Body powders containing talc, primarily JOHNSON’S                          62,370  
  Baby Powder                                                                        
  DePuy ASR XL Acetabular System and DePuy ASR Hip                              160  
  Resurfacing System                                                                 
  PINNACLE Acetabular Cup System                                                910  
  Pelvic meshes                                                               6,230  
  ETHICON PHYSIOMESH Flexible Composite Mesh                                    170  
  RISPERDAL                                                                      20  
  ELMIRON                                                                     2,170  
                                                                                     
The number of pending lawsuits is expected to fluctuate as certain lawsuits are settled or dismissed and additional
lawsuits are filed. There may be additional claims that have not yet been filed.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q33                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

MedTech

DePuy ASR XL acetabular system and ASR Hip resurfacing system

In August 2010, DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. (DePuy) announced a worldwide voluntary recall of its ASR XL Acetabular
System and DePuy ASR Hip Resurfacing System (ASR Hip) used in hip replacement surgery. Claims for personal injury
have been made against DePuy and the Company. Cases filed in federal courts in the United States have been
organized as a multi-district litigation in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio.
Litigation has also been filed in countries outside of the United States, primarily in the United Kingdom, Canada,
Australia, Ireland, Germany, India and Italy. In November 2013, DePuy reached an agreement with a Court-appointed
committee of lawyers representing ASR Hip plaintiffs to establish a program to settle claims with eligible ASR Hip
patients in the United States who had surgery to replace their ASR Hips, known as revision surgery, as of August
2013. DePuy reached additional agreements in February 2015 and March 2017, which further extended the settlement
program to include ASR Hip patients who had revision surgeries after August 2013 and prior to February 15, 2017.
This settlement program has resolved more than 10,000claims, thereby bringing to resolution significant ASR Hip
litigation activity in the United States. However, lawsuits in the United States remain, and the settlement program
does not address litigation outside of the United States. In Australia, a class action settlement was reached that
resolved the claims of the majority of ASR Hip patients in that country. In Canada, the Company has reached
agreements to settle the class actions filed in that country. The Company continues to receive information with
respect to potential additional costs associated with this recall on a worldwide basis. The Company has established
accruals for the costs associated with the United States settlement program and ASR Hip-related product liability
litigation.

DePuy PINNACLE Acetabular Cup System

Claims for personal injury have also been made against DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. and the Company (collectively,
DePuy) relating to the PINNACLE Acetabular Cup System used in hip replacement surgery. Product liability lawsuits
continue to be filed, and the Company continues to receive information with respect to potential costs and the
anticipated number of cases. Most cases filed in federal courts in the United States have been organized as a
multi-district litigation in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas (Texas MDL).
Beginning on June 1, 2022, the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation ceased transfer of new cases into the
Texas MDL, and there are now cases pending in federal court outside the Texas MDL. Litigation also has been filed
in state courts and in countries outside of the United States. During the first quarter of 2019, DePuy established
a United States settlement program to resolve these cases. As part of the settlement program, adverse verdicts have
been settled. The Company has established an accrual for product liability litigation associated with the PINNACLE
Acetabular Cup System and the related settlement program.

Ethicon Pelvic Mesh

Claims for personal injury have been made against Ethicon, Inc. (Ethicon) and the Company arising out of Ethicon’s
pelvic mesh devices used to treat stress urinary incontinence and pelvic organ prolapse. The Company continues to
receive information with respect to potential costs and additional cases. Cases filed in federal courts in the
United States had been organized as a multi-district litigation (MDL) in the United States District Court for the
Southern District of West Virginia. In March 2021, the MDL Court entered an order closing the MDL. The MDL Court
has remanded cases for trial to the jurisdictions where the case was originally filed and additional pelvic mesh
lawsuits have been filed, and remain, outside of the MDL. The Company has settled or otherwise resolved the
majority of the United States cases and the estimated costs associated with these settlements and the remaining
cases are reflected in the Company’s accruals. In addition, class actions and individual personal injury cases or
claims seeking damages for alleged injury resulting from Ethicon’s pelvic mesh devices have been commenced in
various countries outside of the United States, including claims and cases in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands,
and Ireland, and class actions in Israel, Australia, Canada and South Africa. The vast majority of these actions
are now resolved. The Company has established accruals with respect to product liability litigation associated with
Ethicon’s pelvic mesh products.

Ethicon Physiomesh

Following a June 2016 worldwide market withdrawal of Ethicon Physiomesh Flexible Composite Mesh (Physiomesh),
claims for personal injury have been made against Ethicon, Inc. (Ethicon) and the Company alleging personal injury
arising out of the use of this hernia mesh device. Cases filed in federal courts in the United States have been
organized as a multi-district litigation (MDL) in the United States District Court for the Northern District of
Georgia. A multi-county litigation (MCL) also has been formed in New Jersey state court and assigned to Atlantic
County for cases pending in New Jersey. In addition to the matters in the MDL and MCL, there are additional
lawsuits pending in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio, which are part of the MDL
for polypropylene mesh devices manufactured by C.R. Bard, Inc., and lawsuits pending in two New Jersey MCLs formed
for Proceed/Proceed Ventral Patch and Prolene Hernia systems, and lawsuits pending outside the United States. In
May 2021, Ethicon and lead counsel for the plaintiffs entered into a term sheet to resolve approximately
3,600Physiomesh cases (covering approximately 4,300plaintiffs) pending in the MDL and MCL at that time. A master
settlement agreement (MSA) was entered into
                                                                                                                   
  34                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

in September 2021 and includes 3,729cases in the MDL and MCL. Other than a small number of cases still pending in
the MDL, all Physiomesh matters in the United States have been resolved or are undergoing formal review for
purposes of settlement.

Claims have also been filed against Ethicon and the Company alleging personal injuries arising from the PROCEED
Mesh and PROCEED Ventral Patch hernia mesh products. In March 2019, the New Jersey Supreme Court entered an order
consolidating these cases pending in New Jersey as an MCL in Atlantic County Superior Court. Additional cases have
been filed in various federal and state courts in the United States, and in jurisdictions outside the United
States.

Ethicon and the Company also have been subject to claims for personal injuries arising from the PROLENE
Polypropylene Hernia System. In January 2020, the New Jersey Supreme Court created an MCL in Atlantic County
Superior Court to handle such cases. Cases involving this product have also been filed in other federal and state
courts in the United States.

In October 2022, an agreement in principle, subject to various conditions, was reached to settle the majority of
the pending cases involving Proceed, Proceed Ventral Patch, Prolene Hernia System and related multi-layered mesh
products, as well as a number of unfiled claims. All litigation activities in the two New Jersey MCLs are stayed
pending effectuation of the proposed settlement. Future cases that are filed in the New Jersey MCLs will be subject
to docket control orders requiring early expert reports and discovery requirements.

The Company has established accruals with respect to product liability litigation associated with Ethicon
Physiomesh Flexible Composite Mesh, PROCEED Mesh and PROCEED Ventral Patch, and PROLENE Polypropylene Hernia System
products.

Innovative Medicine

RISPERDAL

Claims for personal injury have been made against Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the Company arising out of the
use of RISPERDAL, and related compounds, indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia, acute manic or mixed
episodes associated with bipolar I disorder and irritability associated with autism. Lawsuits primarily have been
filed in state courts in Pennsylvania, California, and Missouri. Other actions are pending in various courts in the
United States and Canada. The Company continues to defend RISPERDAL product liability lawsuits, and continues to
evaluate potential costs related to those claims. The Company has successfully defended a number of these cases but
there have been verdicts against the Company, including a verdict in October 2019 of $ 8.0billion of punitive
damages related to one plaintiff, which the trial judge reduced to $ 6.8million in January 2020. In September 2021,
the Company entered into a settlement in principle with the counsel representing plaintiffs in this matter and in
substantially all of the outstanding cases in the United States. The costs associated with this and other
settlements are reflected in the Company’s accruals.

ELMIRON

Claims for personal injury have been made against a number of Johnson & Johnson companies, including Janssen
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the Company, arising out of the use of ELMIRON, a prescription medication indicated for
the relief of bladder pain or discomfort associated with interstitial cystitis. These lawsuits, which allege that
ELMIRON contributes to the development of permanent retinal injury and vision loss, have been filed in both state
and federal courts across the United States. In December 2020, lawsuits filed in federal courts in the United
States, including putative class action cases seeking medical monitoring, were organized as a multi-district
litigation in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey (MDL). In addition, cases have been
filed in various state courts of New Jersey, which have been coordinated in a multi-county litigation in Bergen
County, as well as the Court of Common Pleas in Philadelphia, which have been coordinated and granted mass tort
designation. In addition, three class action lawsuits have been filed in Canada. The Company continues to defend
ELMIRON product liability lawsuits and continues to evaluate potential costs related to those claims. Other than a
small number of cases in the MDL filed by one law firm, all U.S. based ELMIRON matters have been resolved or are
undergoing formal review for purposes of settlement. The Company has established accruals for defense and indemnity
costs associated with ELMIRON related product liability litigation.

Intellectual Property

Certain subsidiaries of the Company are subject, from time to time, to legal proceedings and claims related to
patent, trademark and other intellectual property matters arising out of their businesses. Many of these matters
involve challenges to the scope and/or validity of patents that relate to various products and allegations that
certain of the Company’s products infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties. Although these
subsidiaries believe that they have substantial defenses to these challenges and allegations with respect to all
significant patents, there can be no assurance as to the outcome of these matters. A loss in any of these cases
could adversely affect the ability of these subsidiaries to sell their products, result in loss of sales due to
loss of market exclusivity, require the payment of past damages and future royalties, and may result in a non-cash
impairment charge for any associated intangible asset.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q35                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

Innovative Medicine - litigation against filers of abbreviated new drug applications (ANDAs)

The Company’s subsidiaries have brought lawsuits against generic companies that have filed ANDAs with the U.S. FDA
(or similar lawsuits outside of the United States) seeking to market generic versions of products sold by various
subsidiaries of the Company prior to expiration of the applicable patents covering those products. These lawsuits
typically include allegations of non-infringement and/or invalidity of patents listed in FDA’s publication
“Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations” (commonly known as the Orange Book). In each of
these lawsuits, the Company’s subsidiaries are seeking an order enjoining the defendant from marketing a generic
version of a product before the expiration of the relevant patents (Orange Book Listed Patents). In the event the
Company’s subsidiaries are not successful in an action, or any automatic statutory stay expires before the court
rulings are obtained, the generic companies involved would have the ability, upon regulatory approval, to introduce
generic versions of their products to the market, resulting in the potential for substantial market share and
revenue losses for the applicable products, and which may result in a non-cash impairment charge in any associated
intangible asset. In addition, from time to time, the Company’s subsidiaries may settle these types of actions and
such settlements can involve the introduction of generic versions of the products at issue to the market prior to
the expiration of the relevant patents.

The Inter Partes Review (IPR) process with the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO), created under the
2011 America Invents Act, is also being used at times by generic companies in conjunction with ANDAs and lawsuits
to challenge the applicable patents.

XARELTO

Beginning in March 2021, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Bayer Pharma AG; Bayer AG; and Bayer Intellectual Property
GmbH filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have
filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of XARELTO before expiration of certain Orange Book Listed
Patents. The following entities are named defendants: Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc.; Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories,
Ltd.; Lupin Limited; Lupin Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.; Taro Pharmaceuticals U.S.A.,
Inc.; Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc.; Mylan Pharmaceuticals Inc.; Mylan Inc.; Mankind Pharma Limited; Apotex Inc.;
Apotex Corp.; Auson Pharmaceuticals Inc.; Shanghai Auson Pharmaceuticals Co. Ltd.; Aurobindo Pharma Limited;
Aurobindo Pharma USA, Inc.; Cipla Ltd.; Cipla USA Inc.; InvaGen Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Prinston Pharmaceuticals,
Inc.; Ascent Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; and Hetero Labs Limited. The following U.S. patents are included in one or more
cases: 9,539,218 and 10,828,310. In May 2024, the Company entered into a confidential settlement agreement with
Aurobindo Pharma Limited and Aurobindo Pharma USA, Inc.

U.S. Patent No. 10,828,310 was also under consideration by the USPTO in an IPR proceeding. In July 2023, the USPTO
issued a final written decision finding the claims of the patent invalid. In September 2023, Bayer Pharma AG filed
an appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.

OPSUMIT

Beginning in January 2023 Actelion Pharmaceuticals Ltd and Actelion Pharmaceuticals US, Inc. filed patent
infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking
approval to market generic versions of OPSUMIT before expiration of certain Orange Book Listed Patents. The
following entities are named defendants: Mylan Pharmaceuticals Inc.; Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd.; and Torrent
Pharma Inc. The following U.S. patents are included in one or more cases: 7,094,781; and 10,946,015. In April 2024,
the Company entered into a confidential settlement agreement with Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd. and Torrent Pharma
Inc.

INVEGA SUSTENNA

Beginning in January 2018, Janssen Pharmaceutica NV and Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed patent infringement
lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to
market generic versions of INVEGA SUSTENNA before expiration of the Orange Book Listed Patent. The following
entities are named defendants: Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc.; Mylan Laboratories Limited; Pharmascience Inc.;
Mallinckrodt PLC; Specgx LLC; Tolmar, Inc.; Accord Healthcare, Inc.; Qilu Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd.; and Qilu Pharma
Inc. The following U.S. patent is included in one or more cases: 9,439,906. In October 2020, the district court
issued a decision in the case against Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc., finding that United States Patent No.
9,439,906 is not invalid. Teva previously stipulated to infringement. Teva appealed the decision and, in April
2024, the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit vacated and remanded the case to the district
court for further proceedings. In February 2024, the district court issued a decision in the case against Tolmar
Inc. finding that United States Patent No. 9,439,906 is not invalid. Tolmar previously stipulated to infringement.
Tolmar has appealed the decision.

Beginning in February 2018, Janssen Inc. and Janssen Pharmaceutica NV initiated a Statement of Claim under Section
6 of the Patented Medicines (Notice of Compliance) Regulations against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDSs
seeking approval to market generic versions of INVEGA SUSTENNA before expiration of the listed patent. The
following entities are named defendants: Pharmascience Inc. and Apotex Inc. The following Canadian patent is
included in one or more cases: 2,655,335.

INVEGA TRINZA
                                                                                                                   
  36                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

Beginning in September 2020, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Janssen Pharmaceutica NV, and Janssen Research &
Development, LLC filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers
who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of INVEGA TRINZA before expiration of the Orange
Book Listed Patent. The following entities are named defendants: Mylan Laboratories Limited; Mylan Pharmaceuticals
Inc.; and Mylan Institutional LLC. The following U.S. patent is included in one or more cases: 10,143,693. In May
2023, the District Court issued a decision finding that Mylan’s proposed generic product infringes the asserted
patent and that the patent is not invalid. Mylan has appealed the decision.

SYMTUZA

Beginning in November 2021, Janssen Products, L.P., Janssen Sciences Ireland Unlimited Company, Gilead Sciences,
Inc. and Gilead Sciences Ireland UC filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against
generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of SYMTUZA before expiration
of certain Orange Book Listed Patents. The following entities are named defendants: Lupin Limited; Lupin
Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; MSN Laboratories Private Ltd.; MSN Life Sciences Private Ltd.; MSN Pharmaceuticals Inc.;
Apotex Inc.; and Apotex Corp. The following U.S. patents are included in one or more cases: 10,039,718 and
10,786,518.

ERLEADA

Beginning in May 2022, Aragon Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Janssen Biotech, Inc. (collectively, Janssen), Sloan Kettering
Institute for Cancer Research (SKI) and The Regents of the University of California filed patent infringement
lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to
market generic versions of ERLEADA before expiration of certain Orange Book Listed Patents. The following entities
are named defendants: Zydus Worldwide DMCC; Zydus Pharmaceuticals (USA), Inc.; Zydus Lifesciences Limited; Sandoz
Inc.; Auromedics Pharma LLC; Hetero Labs Limited Unit V; and Hetero USA, Inc. The following U.S. patents are
included in one or more cases: 9,481,663; 9,884,054; 10,052,314 (which reissued as RE49,353); 10,702,508;
10,849,888; 8,445,507; 8,802,689; 9,388,159; 9,987,261; and RE49,353.

SPRAVATO

Beginning in May 2023, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Janssen Pharmaceutica NV filed patent infringement
lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to
market generic versions of SPRAVATO before expiration of certain Orange Book Listed Patents. The following entities
are named defendants: Sandoz Inc.; Hikma Pharmaceuticals Inc. USA; Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC; and Alkem
Laboratories Ltd. The following U.S. patents are included in one or more cases: 10,869,844; 11,173,134; 11,311,500;
and 11,446,260.

INVOKANA

Beginning in January 2024, Janssen Inc. and Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation initiated Statements of Claim
under Section 6 of the Patented Medicines (Notice of Compliance) Regulations against generic manufacturers who
filed ANDSs seeking approval to market generic versions of INVOKANA before expiration of the listed patents. The
following entities are named defendants: Jamp Pharma Corporation and Apotex Inc. The following Canadian patents are
included in one or more cases: 2,534,024 and 2,671,357.

MedTech

In March 2016, Abiomed, Inc. (Abiomed) filed a declaratory judgment action against Maquet Cardiovascular LLC
(Maquet) in U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts seeking a declaration that the Impella does not
infringe certain Maquet patents, currently U.S. Patent Nos. 7,022,100 (’100); 8,888,728; 9,327,068; 9,545,468;
9,561,314; and 9,597,437. Maquet counterclaimed for infringement of each of those patents. After claim
construction, Maquet alleged infringement of only the ’100 patent. In September 2021, the court granted Abiomed’s
motion for summary judgment of non-infringement of the ’100 patent, and in September 2023, the district court
entered final judgment in favor of Abiomed on all patents-in-suit. Maquet appealed.

Government proceedings

Like other companies in the pharmaceutical and medical technologies industries, the Company and certain of its
subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation by national, state and local government agencies in the United
States and other countries in which they operate. Such regulation has been the basis of government investigations
and litigations. The most significant litigation brought by, and investigations conducted by, government agencies
are listed below. It is possible that criminal charges and substantial fines and/or civil penalties or damages
could result from government investigations or litigation.

MedTech

In July 2018, the Public Prosecution Service in Rio de Janeiro and representatives from the Brazilian antitrust
authority CADE inspected the offices of more than 30 companies including Johnson & Johnson do Brasil Indústria e
Comércio de Produtos para Saúde Ltda. The authorities appear to be investigating allegations of possible anti-
competitive behavior and possible improper
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q37                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

payments in the medical device industry. The Company continues to respond to inquiries regarding the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act from the United States Department of Justice and the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission.

In July 2023, the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) issued Civil Investigative Demands to the Company, Johnson &
Johnson Surgical Vision, Inc., and Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc. (collectively, J&J Vision) in connection
with a civil investigation under the False Claims Act relating to free or discounted intraocular lenses and
equipment used in eye surgery, such as phacoemulsification and laser systems. J&J Vision has begun producing
documents and information responsive to the Civil Investigative Demands. J&J Vision is in ongoing discussions with
the DOJ regarding its inquiry.

Innovative Medicine

In July 2016, the Company and Janssen Products, LP were served with a qui tam complaint pursuant to the False
Claims Act filed in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey alleging the off-label
promotion of two HIV products, PREZISTA and INTELENCE, and anti-kickback violations in connection with the
promotion of these products. The complaint was filed under seal in December 2012. The federal and state governments
have declined to intervene, and the lawsuit is being prosecuted by the relators. The Court denied summary judgment
on all claims in December 2021. Daubert motions were granted in part and denied in part in January 2022, and trial
commenced in May 2024. On June 13, 2024, a jury found no liability regarding the anti-kickback violations but found
liability for a portion of the off-label promotion claims. The Company is pursuing post-trial briefing challenging
the verdict on the off-label claims.

In March 2017, Janssen Biotech, Inc. (JBI) received a Civil Investigative Demand from the United States Department
of Justice regarding a False Claims Act investigation concerning management and advisory services provided to
rheumatology and gastroenterology practices that purchased REMICADE or SIMPONI ARIA. In August 2019, the United
States Department of Justice notified JBI that it was closing the investigation. Subsequently, the United States
District Court for the District of Massachusetts unsealed a qui tam False Claims Act complaint, which was served on
the Company. The Department of Justice had declined to intervene in the qui tam lawsuit in August 2019. The Company
filed a motion to dismiss, which was granted in part and denied in part. Discovery is underway.

General litigation

The Company or its subsidiaries are also parties to various proceedings brought under the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, commonly known as Superfund, and comparable state, local
or foreign laws in which the primary relief sought is the Company’s agreement to implement remediation activities
at designated hazardous waste sites or to reimburse the government or third parties for the costs they have
incurred in performing remediation as such sites.

In October 2017, certain United States service members and their families brought a complaint against a number of
pharmaceutical and medical devices companies, including Johnson & Johnson and certain of its subsidiaries in United
States District Court for the District of Columbia, alleging that the defendants violated the United States Anti-
Terrorism Act. The complaint alleges that the defendants provided funding for terrorist organizations through their
sales practices pursuant to pharmaceutical and medical device contracts with the Iraqi Ministry of Health. In July
2020, the District Court dismissed the complaint. In January 2022, the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit reversed the District Court’s decision. In June 2023, defendants filed a petition for
a writ of certiorari to the United States Supreme Court. In June 2024, the Supreme Court vacated the D.C. Circuit's
decision and remanded the case to the D.C. Circuit.

In February 2024, a putative class action was filed against the Company, the Pension & Benefits Committee of
Johnson & Johnson (Committee), and certain named officers and employees, in United States District Court for the
District of New Jersey. In May 2024, the plaintiff filed an amended complaint against the Company and the
Committee. The complaint alleges that defendants breached fiduciary duties under the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act (ERISA) by allegedly mismanaging the Company’s prescription-drug benefits program. The complaint seeks
damages and other relief. In June 2024, defendants moved to dismiss the amended complaint.

MedTech

In October 2020, Fortis Advisors LLC (Fortis), in its capacity as representative of the former stockholders of
Auris Health Inc. (Auris), filed a complaint against the Company, Ethicon Inc., and certain named officers and
employees (collectively, Ethicon) in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. The complaint alleges breach
of contract, fraud, and other causes of action against Ethicon in connection with Ethicon’s acquisition of Auris in
2019. The complaint seeks damages and other relief. In December 2021, the Court granted in part and denied in part
defendants’ motion to dismiss certain causes of action. All claims against the individual defendants were
dismissed. The trial was held in January 2024 and the decision is pending.

Innovative Medicine
                                                                                                                   
  38                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

In June 2019, the United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) issued a Civil Investigative Demand to the Company
and Janssen Biotech, Inc. (collectively, Janssen) in connection with its investigation of whether Janssen’s
REMICADE contracting practices violate federal antitrust laws. The Company has produced documents and information
responsive to the Civil Investigative Demand. Janssen is in ongoing discussions with the FTC staff regarding its
inquiry.

In February 2022, the United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) issued Civil Investigative Demands to Johnson &
Johnson and Janssen Biotech, Inc. (collectively, Janssen) in connection with its investigation of whether
advertising practices for REMICADE violate federal law. Janssen has produced documents and information responsive
to the Civil Investigative Demands. Janssen is in ongoing discussions with the FTC staff regarding the inquiry.

In October 2018, two separate putative class actions were filed against Actelion Pharmaceutical Ltd., Actelion
Pharmaceuticals U.S., Inc., and Actelion Clinical Research, Inc. (collectively Actelion) in United States District
Court for the District of Maryland and United States District Court for the District of Columbia. The complaints
allege that Actelion violated state and federal antitrust and unfair competition laws by allegedly refusing to
supply generic pharmaceutical manufacturers with samples of TRACLEER. TRACLEER is subject to a Risk Evaluation and
Mitigation Strategy required by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, which imposes restrictions on distribution
of the product. In January 2019, the plaintiffs dismissed the District of Columbia case and filed a consolidated
complaint in the United States District Court for the District of Maryland. In September 2019, the district court
granted Actelion's motion to dismiss the complaint. In April 2024, the Fourth Circuit reversed the decision of the
district court. Plaintiff's motion for class certification and Actelion's motion for summary judgment currently are
pending before the district court.

In December 2023, a putative class action lawsuit was filed against the Company and Janssen Biotech Inc.
(collectively Janssen) in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. The complaint
alleges that Janssen violated federal and state antitrust laws and other state laws by delaying biosimilar
competition with STELARA through Janssen's enforcement of patent rights covering STELARA. The complaint seeks
damages and other relief. In February 2024, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, which Janssen moved to dismiss
in March 2024.

In June 2022, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed a Demand for Arbitration against Emergent Biosolutions Inc. et al
(EBSI) with the American Arbitration Association, alleging that EBSI breached the parties’ Manufacturing Services
Agreement for the Company’s COVID-19 vaccine. In July 2022, Emergent filed its answering statement and
counterclaims. In July 2024, Janssen and Emergent reached an agreement to resolve this matter.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q39                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Note 12 — Restructuring                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
In fiscal 2023, the Company completed a prioritization of its research and development (R&D) investment within its
Innovative Medicine segment to focus on the most promising medicines with the greatest benefit to patients. This
resulted in the exit of certain programs within certain therapeutic areas. The R&D program exits are primarily in
infectious diseases and vaccines including the discontinuation of its respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) adult
vaccine program, hepatitis and HIV development. Pre-tax Restructuring income of $ 0.1billion in the fiscal second
quarter of 2024 and $ 0.1billion of expense in the fiscal six months of 2024, included asset divestments, the
termination of partnered and non-partnered development program costs and asset impairments. The pre-tax
restructuring charge of approximately $ 0.1billion and $ 0.3billion in the fiscal second quarter and fiscal six
months of 2023, respectively, included the termination of partnered and non-partnered program costs and asset
impairments. Total project costs of approximately $ 0.6billion have been recorded since the restructuring was
announced. The majority of this restructuring program is completed, with minor charges expected in the remainder of
year.

In fiscal 2023, the Company initiated a restructuring program of its Orthopaedics franchise within its MedTech
segment to streamline operations by exiting certain markets, product lines and distribution network arrangements.
The pre-tax restructuring expense of $ 0.1billion and $ 0.1billion in the fiscal second quarter and fiscal six
months of 2024, respectively, primarily included costs related to market and product exits. Total project costs of
approximately $ 0.4billion have been recorded since the restructuring was announced. The estimated costs of the
total program are between $ 0.7billion - $ 0.8billion and is expected to be completed by the end of fiscal year
2025.
The following table summarizes the restructuring (income) expenses for 2024:
                                                                                
                                    Fiscal Second Quarter    Fiscal Six Months  
  (Pre-tax Dollars in Millions)                     Ended                Ended  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Innovative Medicine Segment(1)                    $(63)                   81  
  MedTech Segment(2)                                   52                   79  
  Total Programs                                    $(11)                  160  
                                                                                
(1) Included in Restructuring on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings
(2) The fiscal second quarter of 2024 included $ 50million in Restructuring and $ 2million in Cost of products sold
on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings. The fiscal six months of 2024 included $ 70million in Restructuring and
$ 9million in Cost of products sold on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings.
Restructuring reserves as of June 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were insignificant.
                                                                                                                   
  40                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Note 13— Kenvue separation                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
The results of the Consumer Health business (previously reported as a separate business segment) have been
reflected as discontinued operations in the Company’s consolidated statements of earnings as Net earnings from
discontinued operations, net of taxes through August 23, 2023, the date of the exchange offer. Prior periods have
been recast to reflect this presentation.
Details of Net Earnings from Discontinued Operations, net of taxes are as follows:
                                                                                                   
                                           Fiscal Second Quarter Ended    Fiscal Six Months Ended  
  (Dollars in Millions)                                   July 2, 2023               July 2, 2023  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Sales to customers                                            $4,011                     $7,863  
  Cost of products sold                                          1,750                      3,458  
  Gross profit                                                   2,261                      4,405  
  Selling, marketing and administrative                          1,269                      2,501  
  expenses                                                                                         
  Research and development expense                                 126                        234  
  Interest Income                                                  -42                        -79  
  Interest expense, net of portion                                 128                        131  
  capitalized                                                                                      
  Other (income) expense, net                                      324                        612  
  Earnings from Discontinued Operations                            456                      1,006  
  Before Provision for Taxes on Income                                                             
  Provision for taxes on income                                    688                        815  
  Net (loss)/earnings from Discontinued                         $(232)                       $191  
  Operations                                                                                       
                                                                                                   
The following table presents depreciation, amortization and capital expenditures of the discontinued operations
related to Kenvue:
                                                                                           
                                   Fiscal Second Quarter Ended    Fiscal Six Months Ended  
  (Dollars in Millions)                           July 2, 2023               July 2, 2023  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Depreciation and Amortization                           $149                       $302  
  Capital expenditures                                     $92                       $139  
                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q41                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 2 — Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations                 │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                                                                   
   Results of operations                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Sales to customers                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
   Analysis of consolidated sales                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
For the fiscal six months of 2024, worldwide sales were $43.8 billion, a total increase of 3.3%, including an
operational (which excludes translational currency) increase of 5.2% as compared to 2023 fiscal six months sales of
$42.4 billion. Currency fluctuations had a negative impact of 1.9% for the fiscal six months of 2024. In the fiscal
six months of 2024, acquisitions and divestitures had no net impact on the worldwide operational sales growth. In
the fiscal six months of 2024, the impact of the Covid-19 Vaccine sales decline on the worldwide operational sales
was a negative 2.2%.

Sales by U.S. companies were $24.2 billion in the fiscal six months of 2024, which represented an increase of 7.8%
as compared to the prior year. In the fiscal six months of 2024, acquisitions and divestitures had no net impact on
the U.S. operational sales growth. Sales by international companies were $19.6 billion, a decrease of 1.7%,
including an operational increase of 2.4%, offset by a negative currency impact of 4.1% as compared to the fiscal
six months sales of 2023. In the fiscal six months of 2024, the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on the
international operational sales growth was a negative 0.1%. In the fiscal six months of 2024, the impact of the
Covid-19 Vaccine sales decline on the international operational sales was a negative 4.5%.

In the fiscal six months of 2024, sales by companies in Europe experienced a decline of 3.2%, which included an
operational decline of 2.4% and a negative currency impact of 0.8%. In the fiscal six months of 2024, the impact of
the Covid-19 Vaccine sales decline on the European region operational sales was a negative 8.4%. Sales by companies
in the Western Hemisphere, excluding the U.S., achieved growth of 8.8%, which included an operational increase of
21.9%, and a negative currency impact of 13.1%. Sales by companies in the Asia-Pacific, Africa region experienced a
decline of 2.6%, including an operational increase of 3.4% offset by a negative currency impact of 6.0%.
                                              Fiscal six months 2024                                               
                                     sales by geographic region (in billions)                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                              Fiscal six months 2024                                               
                                          sales by segment (in billions)                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                        Note: values may have been rounded                                         
                                                                                                                   
  42                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

For the fiscal second quarter of 2024, worldwide sales were $22.4 billion, a total increase of 4.3%, which included
operational growth of 6.6% and a negative currency impact of 2.3% as compared to 2023 fiscal second quarter sales
of $21.5 billion. In the fiscal second quarter of 2024, the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on
worldwide operational sales growth was a positive 0.1%. In the fiscal second quarter of 2024, the impact of the
Covid-19 Vaccine sales decline on the worldwide operational sales was a negative 0.6%.

Sales by U.S. companies were $12.6 billion in the fiscal second quarter of 2024, which represented an increase of
7.8% as compared to the prior year. In the fiscal second quarter of 2024, the net impact of acquisitions and
divestitures on the U.S. operational sales growth was a positive 0.2%. Sales by international companies were $9.9
billion, a total increase of 0.2%, which included operational growth of 5.1% and a negative currency impact of
4.9%. In the fiscal second quarter of 2024, the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on international
operational sales growth was a negative 0.2%. In the fiscal second quarter of 2024, the impact of the Covid-19
Vaccine sales decline on the international operational sales was a negative 1.3%.

In the fiscal second quarter of 2024, sales by companies in Europe achieved growth of 1.6%, which included a
operational growth of 3.4% and a negative currency impact of 1.8%. In the fiscal second quarter of 2024, the impact
of the Covid-19 Vaccine sales decline on the European region operational sales was a negative 2.6%. Sales by
companies in the Western Hemisphere, excluding the U.S., achieved growth of 6.7%, including operational growth of
22.6% and a negative currency impact of 15.9%. Sales by companies in the Asia-Pacific, Africa region experienced a
decline of 4.0%, which included operational growth of 1.9% offset by a negative currency impact of 5.9%.
                                                                                                                   
                                     Q2 2024                                                                       
                                     Sales by Geographic Region (in billions)                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                          Q2 2024                                                                  
                                          Sales by Segment (in billions)                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                        Note: values may have been rounded                                         
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q43                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
   Analysis of sales by business segments                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Innovative Medicine                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
Innovative Medicine segment sales in the fiscal six months of 2024 were $28.1 billion, an increase of 3.3% as
compared to the same period a year ago, with an operational increase of 5.2% and a negative currency impact of
1.9%. In the fiscal six months of 2024, the impact of the Covid-19 Vaccine sales decline on the Innovative Medicine
segment operational sales was a negative 3.4%. U.S. Innovative Medicine sales increased 8.6% as compared to the
same period a year ago. International Innovative Medicine sales decreased by 3.0%, including operational growth of
1.0% offset by a negative currency impact of 4.0%. In the fiscal six months of 2024, the impact of the Covid-19
Vaccine sales decline on the international Innovative Medicine segment operational sales was a negative 7.5%. In
the fiscal six months of 2024, the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on the Innovative Medicine segment
operational sales growth was a negative 0.1%.

Major Innovative Medicine therapeutic area sales — Fiscal Six Months Ended
                                                                                                                   
                                                                    Total           Operations           Currency  
  (Dollars in Millions)    June 30, 2024    July 2, 2023           Change               Change           Change    
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Immunology                      $8,969          $8,608      4.2       %      6.0           %     -1.8  %         
  REMICADE                           827             949    -12.9            -11.6                 -1.3            
  SIMPONI/ SIMPONI ARIA            1,091           1,066      2.3              7.0                 -4.7            
  STELARA                          5,336           5,241      1.8              3.1                 -1.3            
  TREMFYA                          1,714           1,346     27.3             29.2                 -1.9            
  Other Immunology                     2               7    -75.4            -75.4                    —            
  Infectious Diseases              1,786           2,707    -34.0            -33.7                 -0.3            
  COVID-19 VACCINE                   197           1,032    -80.9            -80.9                  0.0            
  EDURANT/rilpivirine                620             546     13.4             13.7                 -0.3            
  PREZISTA/ PREZCOBIX/               856             968    -11.6            -11.2                 -0.4            
  REZOLSTA/ SYMTUZA                                                                                                
  Other Infectious                   114             161    -29.3            -26.2                 -3.1            
  Diseases                                                                                                         
  Neuroscience                     3,585           3,597     -0.3              1.9                 -2.2            
  CONCERTA/methylpheni…              340             414    -17.8            -14.5                 -3.3            
  INVEGA SUSTENNA/                                                                                                 
  XEPLION/ INVEGA                  2,110           2,075      1.7              2.8                 -1.1            
  TRINZA/                                                                                                          
  TREVICTA                                                                                                         
  SPRAVATO                           496             300     65.5             65.7                 -0.2            
  Other Neuroscience                 639             809    -21.0            -15.8                 -5.2            
  Oncology                         9,904           8,510     16.4             18.7                 -2.3            
  CARVYKTI                           343             189             81.5                 81.5      0.0            
  DARZALEX                         5,570           4,695     18.6             21.2                 -2.6            
  ERLEADA                          1,425           1,109     28.4             30.5                 -2.1            
  IMBRUVICA                        1,554           1,668     -6.9             -5.1                 -1.8            
  TECVAYLI                           268             157     70.2             70.2                  0.0            
  ZYTIGA/ abiraterone                346             472    -26.8            -22.0                 -4.8            
  acetate                                                                                                          
  Other Oncology                     399             219     82.4             84.2                 -1.8            
  Pulmonary                        2,088           1,844     13.2             15.5                 -2.3            
  Hypertension                                                                                                     
  OPSUMIT                          1,068             947     12.7             14.4                 -1.7            
  UPTRAVI                            894             761     17.4             18.7                 -1.3            
  Other Pulmonary                    127             136     -6.5              5.3                -11.8            
  Hypertension                                                                                                     
  Cardiovascular /                 1,721           1,877     -8.3             -8.0                 -0.3            
  Metabolism / Other                                                                                               
  XARELTO                          1,105           1,215     -9.1             -9.1                    —            
  Other                              616             662     -7.0             -6.0                 -1.0            
  Total Innovative               $28,052         $27,144      3.3       %      5.2           %     -1.9  %         
  Medicine Sales                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  44                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

Innovative Medicine segment sales in the fiscal second quarter of 2024 were $14.5 billion, an increase of 5.5% as
compared to the same period a year ago, including an operational increase of 7.8% and a negative currency impact of
2.3%. In the fiscal second quarter of 2024, the impact of the Covid-19 Vaccine sales decline on the Innovative
Medicine segment operational sales was a negative 1.0%. U.S. Innovative Medicine sales increased 8.9% as compared
to the same period a year ago. International Innovative Medicine sales increased by 1.1%, including an operational
increase of 6.4% partially offset by a negative currency impact of 5.3%. In the fiscal second quarter of 2024, the
impact of the Covid-19 Vaccine sales decline on the international Innovative Medicine operational sales was a
negative 2.3%. In the fiscal second quarter of 2024, the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on the
Innovative Medicine segment operational sales growth was a negative 0.2%.

Major Innovative Medicine therapeutic area sales — Fiscal Second Quarter Ended
                                                                                                                   
                                                                    Total           Operations           Currency  
  (Dollars in Millions)    June 30, 2024    July 2, 2023           Change               Change           Change    
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Immunology                      $4,722          $4,496      5.0       %      7.3           %     -2.3  %         
  REMICADE                           393             462    -14.9            -13.4                 -1.5            
  SIMPONI/ SIMPONI ARIA              537             529      1.6              7.1                 -5.5            
  STELARA                          2,885           2,797      3.1              4.9                 -1.8            
  TREMFYA                            906             706     28.3             30.7                 -2.4            
  Other Immunology                     2               4    -51.5            -51.5                    —            
  Infectious Diseases                965           1,121    -13.9            -12.9                 -1.0            
  COVID-19 VACCINE                   172             285    -39.7            -39.7                  0.0            
  EDURANT/rilpivirine                297             266     11.0             12.5                 -1.5            
  PREZISTA/ PREZCOBIX/               438             491    -11.0            -10.3                 -0.7            
  REZOLSTA/SYMTUZA                                                                                                 
  Other Infectious                    61              79    -23.1            -18.8                 -4.3            
  Diseases                                                                                                         
  Neuroscience                     1,782           1,793     -0.6              1.5                 -2.1            
  CONCERTA/                          163             208    -21.5            -17.9                 -3.6            
  methylphenidate                                                                                                  
  INVEGA SUSTENNA/                                                                                                 
  XEPLION/ INVEGA                  1,054           1,031      2.2              3.5                 -1.3            
  TRINZA/TREVICTA                                                                                                  
  SPRAVATO                           271             169     60.2             60.8                 -0.6            
  Other Neuroscience                 294             386    -23.7            -19.1                 -4.6            
  Oncology                         5,090           4,398     15.7             18.6                 -2.9            
  CARVYKTI                           186             117             59.8                 59.9     -0.1            
  DARZALEX                         2,878           2,431     18.4             21.3                 -2.9            
  ERLEADA                            736             567     29.8             32.5                 -2.7            
  IMBRUVICA                          770             841     -8.5             -5.9                 -2.6            
  TECVAYLI                           135              94     42.9             43.5                 -0.6            
  ZYTIGA/ abiraterone                165             227    -27.7            -21.9                 -5.8            
  acetate                                                                                                          
  Other Oncology                     221             120             84.2                 87.2     -3.0            
  Pulmonary                        1,039             972      6.9              9.4                 -2.5            
  Hypertension                                                                                                     
  OPSUMIT                            544             507      7.1              9.1                 -2.0            
  UPTRAVI                            426             399      6.6              8.1                 -1.5            
  Other Pulmonary                     71              66      7.2             20.4                -13.2            
  Hypertension                                                                                                     
  Cardiovascular /                   892             950     -6.2             -5.5                 -0.7            
  Metabolism / Other                                                                                               
  XARELTO                            587             637     -7.9             -7.9                    —            
  Other                              305             313     -2.5             -0.6                 -1.9            
  Total Innovative               $14,490         $13,731      5.5       %      7.8           %     -2.3  %         
  Medicine Sales                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q45                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

Immunology products achieved operational growth of 7.3% as compared to the same period a year ago. Sales of STELARA
(ustekinumab) were driven by market growth partially offset by net unfavorable patient mix. Growth of TREMFYA
(guselkumab) was due to market growth, share gains and favorable patient mix. Additionally, SIMPONI/SIMPONI ARIA
growth was driven by growth outside the U.S. Lower sales of REMICADE (infliximab) were due to biosimilar
competition.

Sales of STELARA in the United States were approximately $7.0 billion in fiscal 2023. Third parties have filed
abbreviated Biologics License Applications with the FDA seeking approval to market biosimilar versions of STELARA.
The Company has settled certain litigation under the Biosimilar Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009. As a
result of these settlements and other agreements with separate third parties, the Company does not anticipate the
launch of a biosimilar version of STELARA until January 1, 2025 in the United States. In July 2024, a biosimilar
version of STELARA launched in certain European markets for certain indications.

Biosimilar versions of REMICADE have been introduced in the United States and certain markets outside the United
States and additional competitors continue to enter the market. Continued infliximab biosimilar competition will
result in a further reduction in sales of REMICADE.

Infectious disease products experienced an operational decline of 12.9% as compared to the same period a year ago
primarily driven by a decline in COVID-19 vaccine revenue. The Company does not anticipate any COVID-19 vaccine
revenue in the remainder of fiscal 2024.

Neuroscience products achieved operational sales growth of 1.5% as compared to the same period a year ago. The
growth of SPRAVATO (esketamine) was driven by increased physician and patient demand and ongoing launches. Growth
was partially offset by declines in Other Neuroscience.

Oncology products achieved operational sales growth of 18.6% as compared to the same period a year ago. Strong
sales of DARZALEX (daratumumab) were driven by continued share gains in all regions and market growth. Growth of
ERLEADA (apalutamide) was due to continued share gains and market growth. Increased sales of CARVYKTI
(ciltacabtagene autoleucel) were driven by continued share gains, capacity expansion and manufacturing
efficiencies. Additionally, sales from the ongoing launch of TECVAYLI (teclistamab-cqyv) and the launch of TALVEY
(talquetamab) and RYBREVANT (amivantamab) in Other Oncology contributed to the growth. Growth was partially offset
by ZYTIGA (abiraterone acetate) due to loss of exclusivity and IMBRUVICA (ibrutinib) declines due to competitive
pressures.

Pulmonary Hypertension achieved operational sales growth of 9.4% as compared to the same period a year ago. Sales
growth of OPSUMIT (macitentan) was driven by share gains and market growth partially offset by unfavorable mix in
the European Union. Sales growth of UPTRAVI (selexipag) was driven by market growth and share gains partially
offset by inventory dynamics in the U.S.

Cardiovascular / Metabolism / Other products experienced an operational decline of 5.5% as compared to the same
period a year ago. The decline of XARELTO (rivaroxaban) sales was primarily driven by unfavorable patient mix and
share loss.

The Company maintains a policy that no end customer will be permitted direct delivery of product to a location
other than the billing location. This policy impacts contract pharmacy transactions involving non-grantee 340B
covered entities for most of the Company’s drugs, subject to multiple exceptions. Both grantee and non-grantee
covered entities can maintain certain contract pharmacy arrangements under policy exceptions. The Company has been
and will continue to offer 340B discounts to covered entities on all of its covered outpatient drugs, and it
believes its policy will improve its ability to identify inappropriate duplicate discounts and diversion prohibited
by the 340B statute. The 340B Drug Pricing Program is a U.S. federal government program requiring drug
manufacturers to provide significant discounts on covered outpatient drugs to covered entities.
                                                                                                                   
  46                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  MedTech                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
The MedTech segment sales in the fiscal six months of 2024 were $15.8 billion, an increase of 3.3% as compared to
the same period a year ago, with an operational increase of 5.4% and a negative currency impact of 2.1%. U.S.
MedTech sales increased 6.2%. International MedTech sales increased by 0.5%, including an operational increase of
4.6% and a negative currency impact of 4.1%. In the fiscal six months of 2024, the net impact of acquisitions and
divestitures on the MedTech segment operational sales growth was a positive 0.2%.

Major MedTech franchise sales — Fiscal Six Months Ended
                                                                                                                  
                                                                    Total           Operations          Currency  
  (Dollars in Millions)      June 30, 2024    July 2, 2023          Change          Change              Change    
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Surgery                           $4,904          $5,028    (2.5  %)         0.3  %             -2.8  %         
  Advanced                           2,228           2,340    -4.8            -2.2                -2.6            
  General                            2,676           2,688    -0.5             2.4                -2.9            
  Orthopaedics                       4,652           4,510     3.2             4.0                -0.8            
  Hips                                 839             787     6.5             7.4                -0.9            
  Knees                                795             731     8.7             9.4                -0.7            
  Trauma                             1,524           1,496     1.9             2.6                -0.7            
  Spine, Sports & Other              1,495           1,495     0.0             1.1                -1.1            
  Cardiovascular(1)                  3,679           3,123    17.8            20.2                -2.4            
  Electrophysiology                  2,667           2,288    16.5            19.4                -2.9            
  Abiomed                              750             655    14.5            15.2                -0.7            
  Shockwave(2)                          77               —       *               *                   —            
  Other Cardiovascular(1)              185             180     2.9             5.7                -2.8            
  Vision                             2,543           2,608    -2.5            -0.3                -2.2            
  Contact Lenses/Other               1,828           1,892    -3.4            -0.8                -2.6            
  Surgical                             715             716    -0.1             1.1                -1.2            
  Total MedTech Sales              $15,778         $15,269     3.3  %          5.4  %             -2.1  %         
                                                                                                                  
(1) Previously referred to as Interventional Solutions

(2) Acquired on May 31, 2024

*Percentage greater than 100% or not meaningful
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q47                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

The MedTech segment sales in the fiscal second quarter of 2024 were $8.0 billion, an increase of 2.2% as compared
to the same period a year ago, which included operational growth of 4.4% and a negative currency impact of 2.2%.
U.S. MedTech sales increased 5.7%. International MedTech sales decreased by 1.3%, including operational growth of
3.2% and a negative currency impact of 4.5%. In the fiscal second quarter of 2024, the net impact of acquisitions
and divestitures on the MedTech segment operational sales growth was a positive 0.4%.

Major MedTech franchise sales — Fiscal Second Quarter Ended
                                                                                                                  
                                                                    Total           Operations          Currency  
  (Dollars in Millions)      June 30, 2024    July 2, 2023          Change          Change              Change    
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Surgery                           $2,488          $2,594    -4.1  %         (1.2  %)            -2.9  %         
  Advanced                           1,141           1,222    -6.7            -3.9                -2.8            
  General                            1,346           1,372    -1.9             1.2                -3.1            
  Orthopaedics                       2,312           2,265     2.1             3.3                -1.2            
  Hips                                 417             397     4.9             6.2                -1.3            
  Knees                                394             363     8.4             9.5                -1.1            
  Trauma                               759             739     2.8             3.8                -1.0            
  Spine, Sports & Other                743             766    -3.1            -1.7                -1.4            
  Cardiovascular(1)                  1,873           1,620    15.6            18.0                -2.4            
  Electrophysiology                  1,323           1,196    10.6            13.4                -2.8            
  Abiomed                              379             331    14.5            15.4                -0.9            
  Shockwave(2)                          77               —       *               *                   —            
  Other Cardiovascular(1)               93              93     0.3             2.8                -2.5            
  Vision                             1,285           1,308    -1.7             0.8                -2.5            
  Contact Lenses/Other                 918             939    -2.2             0.7                -2.9            
  Surgical                             367             369    -0.5             1.2                -1.7            
  Total MedTech Sales               $7,957          $7,788     2.2  %          4.4  %             -2.2  %         
                                                                                                                  
(1) Previously referred to as Interventional Solutions

(2) Acquired on May 31, 2024

*Percentage greater than 100% or not meaningful

The Surgery franchise experienced an operational sales decline of 1.2% as compared to the prior year fiscal second
quarter. The decline in Advanced Surgery was primarily driven by competitive pressures in Energy and Endocutters,
China volume-based procurement impacts and EMEA tender timing. All Advanced Surgery platforms were impacted by
prior year China recovery. This was partially offset by the strength of the portfolio and commercial execution in
Biosurgery as well as the strength of new products. The operational growth in General Surgery was primarily driven
by increased procedures coupled with technology penetration and upgrades within the differentiated Wound Closure
portfolio. The growth was partially offset by the impact of the Acclarent divestiture, prior year China recovery
and supply constraints.

The Orthopaedics franchise achieved operational sales growth of 3.3% as compared to the prior year fiscal second
quarter. The operational growth in Hips reflects global procedure growth and continued strength of the portfolio.
The operational growth in Knees was primarily driven by procedures, continued strength of the ATTUNE portfolio,
pull through related to the VELYS Robotic assisted solution and tender timing outside the U.S. The operational
growth in Trauma was driven by the continued adoption of recently launched products partially offset by U.S.
competitive dynamics. The operational sales decline in Spine, Sports & Other was primarily driven by spine
competitive pressures and China volume-based procurement impacts partially offset by growth in Digital Solutions,
Craniomaxillofacial and Shoulders.

The Cardiovascular franchise, which includes sales from Shockwave Medical (Shockwave) acquired on May 31, 2024,
achieved operational sales growth of 18.0% as compared to the prior year fiscal second quarter. Electrophysiology
grew by double digits due to global procedure growth, new product uptake and commercial execution partially offset
by the impact of volume-based procurement in China. Abiomed sales reflect the strength of all major commercialized
regions driven by continued strong adoption of Impella 5.5 and Impella RP.
                                                                                                                   
  48                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

The Vision franchise achieved operational sales growth of 0.8% as compared to the prior year fiscal second quarter.
The Contact Lenses/Other operational growth was primarily driven by the continued strong performance in the ACUVUE
OASYS 1-Day family of products (including recent launches) partially offset by the impact of the Blink divestiture,
U.S. distributor stocking dynamics, competitive pressures and Japan macroeconomic pressures. The Surgical
operational growth was primarily driven by the continued strength of recent innovations and commercial execution
partially offset by China volume-based procurement and competitive pressures in the U.S.

Analysis of consolidated earnings before provision for taxes on income

Consolidated earnings before provision for taxes on income for the fiscal second quarter of 2024 was $5.7 billion
representing 25.6% of sales as compared to $6.3 billion in the fiscal second quarter of 2023, representing 29.3% of
sales.

Consolidated earnings before provision for taxes on income for the fiscal six months of 2024 was $9.5 billion
representing 21.6% of sales as compared to $5.0 billion in the fiscal six months of 2023, representing 11.8% of
sales.
                                                                                                                   
  Cost of products sold                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
                    (Dollars in billions. Percentages in chart are as a percent to total sales)                    
Fiscal six months Q2 2024 versus Fiscal six months Q2 2023

Cost of products sold decreased as a percent to sales driven by:

• Lower one-time COVID-19 vaccine supply network related exit costs in 2024 ($0 in 2024 versus $0.2 billion 2023)
                                                                                                                   
   •                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
   Favorable patient mix in the Innovative Medicine business                                                       
                                                                                                                   
partially offset by

• Macroeconomic factors in both the Innovative Medicine and MedTech businesses

The intangible asset amortization expense included in cost of products sold for the fiscal six months of 2024 and
2023 was $2.2 billion in both periods.
                                                                                                                   
  Q2 2024 versus Q2 2023                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
Cost of products sold increased as a percent to sales primarily driven by:

• Product mix in the Innovative Medicine business

• Macroeconomic factors in both the Innovative Medicine and MedTech businesses

The intangible asset amortization expense included in cost of products sold for the fiscal second quarters of 2024
and 2023 was $1.1 billion in both periods.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q49                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Selling, marketing and administrative expenses                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                    (Dollars in billions. Percentages in chart are as a percent to total sales)                    
Fiscal six months Q2 2024 versus Fiscal six months Q2 2023

Selling, Marketing and Administrative Expenses increased as a percent to sales driven by:

• Timing of brand marketing investment in the Innovative Medicine business and timing of administrative costs due
to technology investments
                                                                                                                   
  Q2 2024 versus Q2 2023                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
Selling, Marketing and Administrative Expenses increased as a percent to sales primarily driven by:

• Timing of administrative costs due to technology investments
                                                                                                                   
  Research and development expense                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
Research and development expense by segment of business was as follows:
                                                                                                                   
         Fis…                                                    Fis…                                              
         Sec…                                                     Six                                              
         Qua…                                                    Mon…                                              
         End…                                                    End…                                              
         2024                        2023                        2024                      2023                    
  (D…                        % of                        % of                       %                         %    
  in           Amo…          Sal…          Amo…          Sal…          Am…          of           Am…          of   
  Mi…                                                                               Sa…                       Sa…  
  In…    $2,…          18.8  %       $3,…          22.2  %       $5,…         20.0  %      $5,…         21.5  %    
  Me…                                                                                                              
  Me…     718           9.0           655           8.4          1,3…          8.6         1,3…          8.7       
  To…                                                                                                              
  re…                                                                                                              
  and    $3,…          15.3  %       $3,…          17.2  %       $6,…         16.0  %      $7,…         16.9  %    
  de…                                                                                                              
  ex…                                                                                                              
  Pe…                                                                                                              
  in…                                                                                                              
  ov…    (7.1  %)                                                (2.5  %)                                          
  the                                                                                                              
  pr…                                                                                                              
  ye…                                                                                                              
  *As                                                                                                              
  a                                                                                                                
  pe…                                                                                                              
  to                                                                                                               
  se…                                                                                                              
  sa…                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
Fiscal six months Q2 2024 versus Fiscal six months Q2 2023

Research and Development decreased as a percent to sales driven by:

• Lower milestone payments and portfolio prioritization in the Innovative Medicine business
                                                                                                                   
  Q2 2024 versus Q2 2023                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
Research and Development decreased as a percent to sales driven by:

• Lower milestone payments and portfolio prioritization in the Innovative Medicine business

partially offset by
                                                                                                                   
   •                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
   Phasing of expenses in the MedTech business                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  50                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

In-process research and development (IPR&D) impairments

In the fiscal second quarter and fiscal six months of 2024, the Company recorded a charge of approximately $0.2
billion associated with the M710 (biosimilar) asset acquired with Momenta in 2020. There was also a partial
impairment of this asset for $0.2 billion in the fiscal third quarter of 2023. This asset is now fully impaired. In
the fiscal six months of 2023, the Company recorded a charge of approximately $0.1 billion associated with the
IPR&D acquired with Pulsar Vascular in 2016.
                                                                                                                   
  Interest (income) expense                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
Interest income in the fiscal six months of 2024 was $759 million as compared to $524 million in the fiscal six
months of 2023 primarily due to higher rates of interest earned on cash balances and a higher average cash balance.
Interest income in the fiscal second quarter of 2024 was $395 million as compared to $326 million in the fiscal
second quarter of 2023 primarily due to a higher average cash balance. Interest expense in the fiscal six months of
2024 was $425 million and was relatively flat as compared to $429 million in the same period a year ago. Interest
expense in the fiscal second quarter of 2024 was $270 million as compared to $217 million in the same period a year
ago primarily due to a higher average debt rate. The balance of cash, cash equivalents and current marketable
securities was $25.5 billion at the end of the fiscal second quarter of 2024 as compared to $28.5 billion
(including $1.2 billion of cash related to Kenvue) at the end of the fiscal second quarter of 2023. The Company’s
debt position was $41.5 billion as of June 30, 2024, as compared to $45.6 billion the same period a year ago
(including $8.4 billion related to Kenvue debt).
                                                                                                                   
  Other (income) expense, net*                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Fiscal six months Q2 2024 versus Fiscal six months Q2 2023

Other (income) expense, net for the fiscal six months of 2024 reflected less expense of $3.5 billion as compared to
the prior year primarily due to the following:
                                                                                               
  Fiscal Six Months                                                                            
  (Dollars in Billions)(Income)/Expense               June 30, 2024    July 2, 2023    Change  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Litigation related(1)                          3.1                            6.8      -3.7  
  Acquisition, Integration and Divestiture       0.5                            0.1       0.4  
  related                                                                                      
  Changes in the fair value of                                  0.4             0.1       0.3  
  securities(2)                                                                                
  COVID-19 Vaccine manufacturing related                        0.1             0.4      -0.3  
  exit costs                                                                                   
  Employee benefit plan related                                -0.5            -0.7       0.2  
  Other                                                        -0.5            -0.1      -0.4  
  Total Other (Income) Expense, Net           $  3.1                            6.6      -3.5  
                                                                                               
(1) The fiscal six months of 2024 and 2023 include charges for talc matters. The fiscal six months of 2023 includes
favorable intellectual property related litigation settlements of approximately $0.3 billion.

(2) Includes the loss on the completion of the debt for equity exchange of the retained stake in Kenvue
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q51                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Q2 2024 versus Q2 2023                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
Other (income) expense, net for the fiscal second quarter of 2024 reflected an increase in expense as compared to
income in the prior year primarily due to the following:
                                                                                                         
  Fiscal Second Quarter                                                                                  
  (Dollars in Billions)(Income)/Expense               June 30, 2024         July 2, 2023         Change  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Acquisition, Integration and Divestiture    $  0.4                                   —    0.4          
  related                                                                                                
  Litigation related(1)                          0.4                                -0.1    0.5          
  Changes in the fair value of                   0.4                                   —    0.4          
  securities(2)                                                                                          
  COVID-19 Vaccine manufacturing related         0.1                   0.2                         -0.1  
  exit costs                                                                                             
  Employee benefit plan related                                -0.2                 -0.4    0.2          
  Other                                                        -0.4                 -0.1           -0.3  
  Total Other (Income) Expense, Net           $  0.7                                -0.4    1.1          
                                                                                                         
(1) The fiscal second quarters of 2024 and 2023 include charges for talc matters. The fiscal second quarter of 2023
includes favorable intellectual property related litigation settlements of approximately $0.3 billion.

(2) Includes the loss on the completion of the debt for equity exchange of the retained stake in Kenvue

*Other (income) expense, net is the account where the Company records gains and losses related to the sale and
write-down of certain investments in equity securities held by Johnson & Johnson Innovation - JJDC, Inc. (JJDC),
changes in the fair value of securities, gains and losses on divestitures, gains and losses on sale of assets,
certain transactional currency gains and losses, acquisition-related costs, litigation accruals and settlements,
investment (income)/loss related to employee benefit plans, as well as royalty income.
                                                                                                                   
  52                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Earnings before provision for taxes by segment                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
Income before tax by segment of business for the fiscal six months were as follows:
                                                                                                                   
                                                                               Percent                             
  (Dolla…    Income                                        June                     of                             
  in         Before    June 30,    July 2,    Segment       30,     July 2,    Segment  June 30,          July 2,  
  Millio…    Tax           2024       2023    Sales        2024        2023      Sales  2024              2023     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Innova…               $10,428     $9,214              $28,052     $27,144       37.2  %           33.9  %        
  Medici…                                                                                                          
  MedTech                 2,609      3,080               15,778      15,269       16.5              20.2           
  Segment                                                                                                          
  earnin…                13,037     12,294               43,830      42,413       29.7              29.0           
  before                                                                                                           
  tax                                                                                                              
  Less:                                                                                                            
  Expens…                                                                                                          
  not                     3,575      7,275                                                                         
  alloca…                                                                                                          
  to                                                                                                               
  segmen…                                                                                                          
  Worldw…                                                                                                          
  income                 $9,462     $5,019              $43,830     $42,413       21.6  %           11.8  %        
  before                                                                                                           
  tax                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
(1) Amounts not allocated to segments include interest (income) expense, certain litigation expenses and general
corporate (income) expense. The fiscal six months of 2024 and 2023 include charges for talc matters of $3.0 billion
and $7.1 billion, respectively. The fiscal six months of 2024 includes a loss of approximately $0.4 billion related
to the debt to equity exchange of the Company's remaining shares of Kenvue Common Stock.
                                                                                                                   
  Innovative Medicine segment                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
The Innovative Medicine segment income before tax as a percent of sales in the fiscal six months of 2024 was 37.2%
versus 33.9% for the same period a year ago. The increase in the income before tax as a percent of sales for the
fiscal six months of 2024 as compared to the prior year was primarily driven by the following:

• One-time COVID-19 Vaccine related exit costs of $0.1 billion in 2024 versus $0.6 billion in 2023

• Restructuring related charge of $0.1 billion in 2024 versus $0.3 billion in 2023

• Reduced milestone payments and portfolio prioritization in Research and development
                                                                                                                   
  •                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Favorable patient mix in Cost of products sold                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
partially offset by

• An In-process research and development impairment of $0.2 billion in 2024 related to the M710 (biosimilar) asset
acquired with Momenta in 2020
                                                                                                                   
  MedTech segment                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
The MedTech segment income before tax as a percent of sales in the fiscal six months of 2024 was 16.5% versus 20.2%
for the same period a year ago. The decrease in the income before tax as a percent of sales for the fiscal six
months of 2024 was primarily driven by the following:

• Acquisition and integration related costs of $0.6 billion in 2024 (primarily related to the Shockwave
acquisition) versus $0.1 billion in 2023

• Favorable intellectual property litigation settlements of approximately $0.3 billion in 2023

• Restructuring related charge of $0.1 billion in 2024
                                                                                                                   
  •                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Macroeconomic factors in Cost of products sold                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
partially offset by

• A gain of $0.2 billion related to the Acclarent divestiture in 2024

• An IPR&D charge in 2023 of approximately $0.1 billion related to the Pulsar Vascular acquisition in the fiscal
year 2016
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q53                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

Income (loss) before tax by segment of business for the fiscal second quarters were as follows:
                                                                                                                   
                                                                               Percent                             
  (Dolla…    Income                                        June                     of                             
  in         Before    June 30,    July 2,    Segment       30,     July 2,    Segment  June 30,          July 2,  
  Millio…    Tax           2024       2023    Sales        2024        2023      Sales  2024              2023     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Innova…                $5,459     $4,812              $14,490     $13,731       37.7  %           35.0  %        
  Medici…                                                                                                          
  MedTech                 1,089      1,671                7,957       7,788       13.7              21.5           
  Segment                                                                                                          
  earnin…                 6,548      6,483               22,447      21,519       29.2              30.1           
  before                                                                                                           
  tax                                                                                                              
  Less:                                                                                                            
  Expens…                                                                                                          
  not                       800        177                                                                         
  alloca…                                                                                                          
  to                                                                                                               
  segmen…                                                                                                          
  Worldw…                                                                                                          
  income                                                                                                           
  (loss)                 $5,748     $6,306              $22,447     $21,519       25.6  %           29.3  %        
  before                                                                                                           
  tax                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
(1) Amounts not allocated to segments include interest (income) expense, certain litigation expenses and general
corporate (income) expense. The fiscal second quarters of 2024 and 2023 include charges for talc matters of $0.3
billion and $0.2 billion, respectively. The fiscal second quarter of 2024 includes a loss of approximately $0.4
billion related to the debt to equity exchange of the Company's remaining shares of Kenvue Common Stock
                                                                                                                   
  Innovative Medicine segment                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
The Innovative Medicine segment income before tax as a percent of sales in the fiscal second quarter of 2024 was
37.7% versus 35.0% for the same period a year ago. The increase in the income before tax as a percent of sales for
the fiscal second quarter of 2024 as compared to the prior year was primarily driven by the following:

• Lower one-time COVID-19 Vaccine related exit costs of $0.1 billion in 2024 versus $0.2 billion in 2023

• Restructuring related income from asset divestments of $0.1 billion in 2024 versus restructuring expense of $0.1
billion in 2023

• Lower milestone payments and portfolio prioritization in Research and Development

partially offset by

• An In-process research and development impairment of $0.2 billion in 2024 related to the M710 (biosimilar) asset
acquired with Momenta in 2020

• Unfavorable product mix in Cost of products sold
                                                                                                                   
  MedTech segment                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
The MedTech segment income before tax as a percent of sales in the fiscal second quarter of 2024 was 13.7% versus
21.5% for the same period a year ago. The decrease in the income before tax as a percent of sales for the fiscal
second quarter of 2024 as compared to the prior year was primarily driven by the following:

• Acquisition and integration related costs of $0.6 billion in 2024 (primarily related to the Shockwave
acquisition)

• Favorable intellectual property litigation settlements of approximately $0.3 billion in 2023

• Restructuring related charge of $0.1 billion in 2024
                                                                                                                   
  •                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Research and development expense phasing                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Macroeconomic factors in Cost of products sold                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
partially offset by

• A gain of $0.2 billion related to the Acclarent divestiture in 2024
                                                                                                                   
  54                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Restructuring                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
In the fiscal year 2023, the Company completed a prioritization of its research and development (R&D) investment
within the Innovative Medicine segment to focus on the most promising medicines with the greatest benefit to
patients. This resulted in the exit of certain programs within therapeutic areas. The R&D program exits are
primarily in infectious diseases and vaccines including the discontinuation of its respiratory syncytial virus
(RSV) adult vaccine program, hepatitis and HIV development. Pre-tax Restructuring income of $0.1 billion in the
fiscal second quarter of 2024 and $0.1 billion of expense in the fiscal six months of 2024, included asset
divestments, the termination of partnered and non-partnered development program costs and asset impairments. The
pre-tax restructuring charge of approximately $0.1 billion and $0.3 billion in the fiscal second quarter and fiscal
six months of 2023, respectively, included the termination of partnered and non-partnered program costs and asset
impairments. Total project costs of approximately $0.6 billion have been recorded since the restructuring was
announced.

In the fiscal year 2023, the Company initiated a restructuring program of its Orthopaedics franchise within its
MedTech segment to streamline operations by exiting certain markets, product lines and distribution network
arrangements. The pre-tax restructuring expense of $0.1 billion and $0.1 billion in the fiscal second quarter and
fiscal six months of 2024, respectively, primarily included costs related to market and product exits. Total
project costs of approximately $0.4 billion have been recorded since the restructuring was announced.
                                                                                                                   
  Provision for taxes on income                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
The worldwide effective income tax rate for the fiscal six months was 16.1% in 2024 and 2.7% in 2023.

On December 15, 2022, the European Union (EU) Member States formally adopted the EU’s Pillar Two Directive, which
generally provides for a minimum effective tax rate of 15%, as established by the Organization for Economic Co-
operation and Development (OECD) Pillar Two Framework that was supported by over 130 countries worldwide. As of
December 31, 2023, several EU and non-EU countries have enacted Pillar Two legislation with an initial effective
date of January 1, 2024, with other aspects of the law effective in 2025 or later. The Company is estimating that
as a total result of this legislation the 2024 effective tax rate will increase by approximately 1.0 to 1.5%
compared to fiscal 2023. Further legislation, guidance and regulations that may be issued in fiscal 2024, as well
as other business events, may impact this estimate.

As discussed in Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, subsequent to the balance sheet date, the Company
acquired Yellow Jersey, a demerged subsidiary of Numab Therapeutics, to secure the global rights to NM26, a
bispecific antibody compound and will record a related $1.25 billion non-tax-deductible expense in the third fiscal
quarter of 2024. Since this acquisition is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes this charge will be a
factor for a higher effective tax rate for the remainder of fiscal 2024.

For further details related to the 2024 provision for taxes refer to Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.
                                                                                                                   
   Liquidity and capital resources                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              Acquisitions                                                         
                                              (net of cash acquired)                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                           Proceeds from the disposal of                                           
                                              assets/businesses, net                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                             Dividends to shareholders                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q55                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Cash flows                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Cash and cash equivalents were $24.9 billion at the end of the fiscal second quarter of 2024 as compared with $21.9
billion at the end of fiscal year 2023. The primary sources and uses of cash that contributed to the $3.0 billion
increase were:
                                                                                           
     -Dollars In Billions                                                                  
                     21.9    Q4 2023 Cash and cash equivalents balance                     
                      9.3    net cash generated from operating activities                  
                    -14.2    net cash used by investing activities                         
                      8.1    net cash generated from financing activities                  
                     -0.2    effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents  
  $                  24.9    Q2 2024 Cash and cash equivalents                             
                                                                                           
In addition, the Company had $0.6 billion in marketable securities at the end of the fiscal second quarter of 2024
and $1.1 billion at the end of fiscal year 2023.

Cash flow from operations of $9.3 billion was the result of:
                                                                                                                   
     (Dollars In Billions)                                                                                         
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  $                    7.9    Net earnings                                                                         
                              non-cash expenses and other adjustments primarily for depreciation and               
                       2.1    amortization, stock-based compensation, and asset write-downs partially offset by    
                              the net gain on sale of assets/businesses and the deferred tax provision             
                      -1.9    an increase in accounts receivable and inventories                                   
                       0.4    an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities                              
                       3.7    a decrease in other current and non-current assets                                   
                      -3.1    a decrease in other current and non-current liabilities                              
                       0.2    Other and rounding                                                                   
  $                    9.3    Net cash flows from operations                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Cash flow used by investing activities of $14.2 billion was primarily from:
                                                                                     
     (Dollars In Billions)                                                           
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  $                   -1.8    additions to property, plant and equipment             
                       0.6    proceeds from the disposal of assets/businesses, net   
                     -14.8    acquisitions, net of cash acquired                     
                       0.5    net sales of investments                               
                       1.4    credit support agreements activity, net                
                      -0.1    Other (primarily capitalized licenses and milestones)  
  $                  -14.2    Net cash used by investing activities                  
                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
  56                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

Cash flow from financing activities of $8.1 billion was primarily from:
                                                                                                         
     (Dollars In                                                                                         
       Billions)                                                                                         
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  $         -5.9    dividends to shareholders                                                            
            -1.6    repurchase of common stock                                                           
            15.9    net proceeds from short and long term debt                                           
             0.3    proceeds from stock options exercised/employee withholding tax on stock awards, net  
             0.3    credit support agreements activity, net                                              
            -1.0    Settlement of convertible debt acquired from Shockwave                               
             0.1    Other and rounding                                                                   
  $          8.1    Net cash from financing activities                                                   
                                                                                                         
The Company has access to substantial sources of funds at numerous banks worldwide and has the ability to issue up
to $20 billion in Commercial Paper. Furthermore, in September 2023, the Company secured a new 364-day Credit
Facility of $10 billion (expiration on September 5, 2024) which may be used for general corporate purposes
including to support our commercial paper borrowings. Interest charged on borrowings under the credit line
agreement is based on either Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) Reference Rate or other applicable market rate
as allowed plus applicable margins. Commitment fees under the agreement are not material.

As of June 30, 2024, the Company had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of approximately $25.5
billion and had approximately $41.5 billion of notes payable and long-term debt for a net debt position of $16.0
billion as compared to the prior year fiscal second quarter net debt position of $17.1 billion (which included cash
of $1.2 billion and debt of $8.4 billion related to Kenvue). In the fiscal second quarter of 2024, the Company
issued senior unsecured notes for a total of $6.7 billion. For additional details on borrowings, see Note 4 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. The net proceeds from this offering were used to fund the Shockwave acquisition
which closed on May 31, 2024, and for general corporate purposes. The Company anticipates that operating cash
flows, the ability to raise funds from external sources, borrowing capacity from existing committed credit
facilities and access to the commercial paper markets will continue to provide sufficient resources to fund
operating needs, including the Company’s remaining balance to be paid on the agreement to settle opioid litigation
for approximately $1.5 billion and the approximately $10.6 billion ($12.8 billion nominal) reserve remaining for
the talc settlement proposal (See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details). In
addition, the Company monitors the global capital markets on an ongoing basis and from time to time may raise
capital when market conditions are favorable.

In the fiscal second quarter of 2024, the Company paid approximately $3.1 billion to the U.S. Treasury including
$2.0 billion related to the current installment due on foreign undistributed earnings as part of the TCJA charge
(see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2023) and $1.1 billion primarily related to the normal estimated payment for the first six
months of fiscal 2024. Additionally, the Company paid $1.1 billion in income related taxes net of refunds to
foreign jurisdictions in the first six months of fiscal 2024.
                                                                                                                   
  Dividends                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
On April 16, 2024, the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of $1.24 per share, payable on June 4,
2024, to shareholders of record as of May 21, 2024.

On July 17, 2024, the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of $1.24 per share, payable on September
10, 2024, to shareholders of record as of August 27, 2024. The Company expects to continue the practice of paying
regular quarterly cash dividends.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q57                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Other information                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  New accounting pronouncements                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
Refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for new accounting pronouncements.
                                                                                                                   
  Economic and market factors                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
In July 2023, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Janssen) filed litigation against the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services as well as the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services challenging the constitutionality of the
Inflation Reduction Act’s (IRA) Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. The litigation requests a declaration that
the IRA violates Janssen’s rights under the First Amendment and the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution and
therefore that Janssen is not subject to the IRA’s mandatory pricing scheme. In April 2024, Janssen appealed the
district court’s denial of its summary judgment motion to the Third Circuit.
                                                                                                                   
  Russia-Ukraine war                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Although the long-term implications of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine are difficult to predict at this time, the
financial impact of the conflict in the fiscal second quarter of 2024, including accounts receivable or inventory
reserves, was not material. As of the fiscal six months ending June 30, 2024, and the fiscal year ending December
31, 2023, the business of the Company’s Russian subsidiaries represented less than 1% of both Company’s
consolidated assets and revenues. The Company does not maintain Ukraine subsidiaries subsequent to the Kenvue
separation.

In March of 2022, the Company took steps to suspend all advertising, enrollment in clinical trials, and any
additional investment in Russia. The Company continues to supply products relied upon by patients for healthcare
purposes.
                                                                                                                   
  Conflict in the Middle East                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Although the long-term implications of the conflict in the Middle East are difficult to predict at this time, the
financial impact of the conflict in the fiscal second quarter of 2024, including accounts receivable or inventory
reserves, was not material. As of the fiscal six months ending June 30, 2024, and the fiscal year ending December
31, 2023, the business of the Company’s Israel subsidiaries represented approximately 1% of the Company’s
consolidated assets and represented less than 1% of revenues.
                                                                                                                   
  Other Macroeconomic Considerations                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
The Company operates in certain countries where the economic conditions continue to present significant challenges.
The Company continues to monitor these situations and take appropriate actions. Inflation rates and currency
exchange rates continue to have an effect on worldwide economies and, consequently, on the way the Company
operates. The Company has accounted for operations in Venezuela, Argentina and Turkey as highly inflationary, as
the prior three-year cumulative inflation rate surpassed 100%. In the face of increasing costs, the Company strives
to maintain its profit margins through cost reduction programs, productivity improvements and periodic price
increases.

Governments around the world consider various proposals to make changes to tax laws, which may include increasing
or decreasing existing statutory tax rates. In connection with various government initiatives, companies are
required to disclose more information to tax authorities on operations around the world, which may lead to greater
audit scrutiny of profits earned in other countries. A change in statutory tax rate in any country would result in
the revaluation of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities related to that particular jurisdiction in the
period in which the new tax law is enacted. This change would result in an expense or benefit recorded to the
Company’s Consolidated Statement of Earnings. The Company closely monitors these proposals as they arise in the
countries where it operates. Changes to the statutory tax rate may occur at any time, and any related expense or
benefit recorded may be material to the fiscal quarter and year in which the law change is enacted.

The Company faces various worldwide health care changes that may continue to result in pricing pressures that
include health care cost containment and government legislation relating to sales, promotions and reimbursement of
health care products.

Changes in the behavior and spending patterns of purchasers of healthcare products and services, including delaying
medical procedures, rationing prescription medications, reducing the frequency of physician visits and foregoing
healthcare insurance coverage, as a result of the current global economic downturn, may continue to impact the
Company’s businesses.

The Company faces regular intellectual property challenges from third parties, including generic and biosimilar
manufacturers, seeking to manufacture and market generic and biosimilar versions of key pharmaceutical products
prior to the expiration of the
                                                                                                                   
  58                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

applicable patents. These challengers file Abbreviated New Drug Applications or abbreviated Biologics License
Applications with the FDA or otherwise challenged the coverage and/or validity of the Company’s patents. In the
event the Company is not successful in defending the patent claims challenged in the resulting lawsuits, generic or
biosimilar versions of the products at issue may be introduced to the market, resulting in the potential for
substantial market share and revenue losses for those products, and which may result in a non-cash impairment
charge in any associated intangible asset. There is also risk that one or more competitors could launch a generic
or biosimilar version of the product at issue following regulatory approval even though one or more valid patents
are in place.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q59                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 3 — Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk                                            │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
There has been no material change in the Company’s assessment of its sensitivity to market risk since its
presentation set forth in Item 7A, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk,” in its Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 4 — Controls and procedures                                                                               │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Disclosure controls and procedures. At the end of the period covered by this report, the Company evaluated the
effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures. The Company’s disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the
reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without
limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in
the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the
Company’s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing
similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Joaquin Duato, Chief
Executive Officer; Chairman, Executive Committee and Joseph J. Wolk, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer, reviewed and participated in this evaluation. Based on this evaluation, Messrs. Duato and Wolk concluded
that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were
effective.

Internal control. During the period covered by this report, there were no changes in the Company’s internal control
over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting. The Company continues to monitor and assess the effectiveness
of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures.

The Company is implementing a multi-year, enterprise-wide initiative to integrate, simplify and standardize
processes and

systems for the human resources, information technology, procurement, supply chain and finance functions. These are

enhancements to support the growth of the Company’s financial shared service capabilities and standardize financial
systems.

This initiative is not in response to any identified deficiency or weakness in the Company’s internal control over
financial

reporting. In response to this initiative, the Company has and will continue to align and streamline the design and
operation of

its financial control environment.
                                                                                                                   
  60                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
╔═ § ═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║                                                                                                                 ║
║  Part II — Other information                                                                                    ║
║                                                                                                                 ║
╚═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 1 — Legal proceedings                                                                                     │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to Note 11 included in Part I, Item 1,
Financial Statements (unaudited) — Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 2 — Unregistered sales of equity securities and use of proceeds                                           │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
(c) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers.

The following table provides information with respect to Common Stock purchases by the Company during the fiscal
second quarter of 2024. Common stock purchases on the open market are made as part of a systematic plan to meet the
needs of the Company's compensation programs. The repurchases below also include the stock-for-stock option
exercises that settled in the fiscal second quarter.
                                                                                                                   
                                                                  Total Number of                                  
                           Total Number                           Shares                 Maximum Number of         
  Fiscal Month Period      of Shares                Avg. Price    Purchased as           Shares that May Yet       
                           Purchased(1)              Per Share    Part of Publicly       Be Purchased Under        
                                                                  Announced Plans        the Plans or Programs     
                                                                  or Programs                                      
  April 1, 2024 through                  281,530        145.46                      —                           —  
  April 28, 2024                                                                                                   
  April 29, 2024                         350,000        148.98                      —                           —  
  through May 26, 2024                                                                                             
  May 27, 2024 through                   289,994        145.27                      —                           —  
  June 30, 2024                                                                                                    
  Total                                  921,524        146.74                      —                           —  
                                                                                                                   
(1) During the fiscal second quarter of 2024, the Company repurchased an aggregate of 921,524 shares of Johnson &
Johnson Common Stock in open-market transactions, all of which were purchased as part of a systematic plan to meet
the needs of the Company’s compensation programs.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q61                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 5 — Other information                                                                                     │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Securities trading plans of Directors and Executive Officers . During the fiscal second quarter of 2024, none of
our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) informed us of the adoptionor
terminationof a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” each as defined in Item
408 of Regulation S-K.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 6 — Exhibits                                                                                              │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Exhibit 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer under Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 — Filed with this document.

Exhibit 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer under Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 — Filed with this document.

Exhibit 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 —
Furnished with this document.

Exhibit 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 —
Furnished with this document.

Exhibit 101:
                                                                                                                   
  EX-101.INS      Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because   
                  its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document                                       
  EX-101.SCH      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema                                                            
  EX-101.CAL      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase                                              
  EX-101.LAB      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase                                                    
  EX-101.PRE      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase                                             
  EX-101.DEF      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document                                               
  Exhibit 104:    Cover Page Interactive Data File––the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the    
                  Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.        
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  62                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
   Signatures                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
                       
  Date: July 25, 2024  
 ───────────────────── 
                       
                       
  Date: July 25, 2024  
 ───────────────────── 
                       
                     
  JOHNSON & JOHNSON  
  (Registrant)       
                     
                                                                                                     
  By    /s/J. J. Wolk                                                                                
        J. J. Wolk, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)  
                                                                                                     
                                                                    
  By    /s/R. J. Decker Jr.                                         
        R. J. Decker Jr.,Controller (Principal Accounting Officer)  
                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q63                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
