UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): July 17, 2023 
Zoom Video Communications, Inc. (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)                             
                                                                                      
  Delaware                           001-38865      61-1648780                        
  (State or Other Jurisdiction of    -Commission    -IRS Employer Identification No.  
  Incorporation)                     File Number                                      
                                                                                      
55 Almaden Boulevard, 6th Floor San Jose, California 95113 (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code)   
(888) 799-9666 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) Not Applicable (Former Name or Former Address, 
if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously 
satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions    
A.2. below):                                                                                                       
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                          
  Title of each class                       Trading      Name of each exchange            
                                            Symbol(s)    on which registered              
  Class A Common Stock, $0.001 par value    ZM           The Nasdaq Global Select Market  
  per share                                                                               
                                                                                          
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 
of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                           
  Item 8.01  Other Events  
                           
As previously reported, Zoom Video Communications, Inc. (“Zoom” or the “Company”) and certain of the Company’s     
officers have been named as defendants in a consolidated securities class action lawsuit pending in the United     
States District Court for the Northern District of California (“California District Court”), captioned In re Zoom  
Securities Litigation, Case No. 3:20-cv-02353-JD(“Securities Class Action”). The Securities Class Action was       
initially filed on April 7, 2020, and consolidated with a second action filed on April 8, 2020, on behalf of a     
purported class consisting of purchasers and/or acquirers of the Company’s securities during the period from April 
18, 2019, through and including April 6, 2020. On July 17, 2023, the parties in the Securities Class Action entered
into a Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement (“Stipulation”) that, if approved as described below, will resolve  
the Securities Class Action. Under the terms of the Stipulation, in exchange for the release and dismissal with    
prejudice of all claims against all defendants in the Securities Class Action, Zoom has agreed to pay and/or to    
cause its insurance carriers to pay a total of $150.0 million. As disclosed in the Company’s quarterly report on   
Form 10-Qfor the three months ended April 30, 2023, the Company accrued $60 million related to the Securities Class
Action and does not expect the Stipulation to have a material impact on its condensed consolidated statement of    
operations for the three months ended July 31, 2023. The settlement does not constitute an admission of fault or   
wrongdoing by Zoom or the individual defendants. Counsel for lead plaintiffs in the Securities Class Action will   
soon file a motion seeking, among other things, preliminary approval of the settlement and the form of notice that 
will be distributed to members of the class. The proposed settlement remains subject to preliminary and final      
approval by the California District Court and certain other conditions. The proposed settlement does not involve   
the consolidated shareholder derivative action that remains pending in the United States District Court for the    
District of Delaware naming as defendants certain of Zoom’s current officers and certain current and former members
of its Board of Directors. Use of Forward-Looking Statements Except for the historical information contained       
herein, this Current Report on Form 8-Kcontains forward-looking statements made pursuant to the “safe harbor”      
provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are cautioned that such statements,  
include, without limitation, those regarding: (i) the Stipulation resolving the Securities Class Action; (ii) the  
ability to secure approval of the proposed settlement from the California District Court and to satisfy all        
conditions of the proposed settlement; and (iii) other statements that are not historical facts, and instead       
constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that can   
cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. These risks and           
uncertainties, include, without limitation, risks and uncertainties related to: (a) the Stipulation not having the 
expected impact, including resolving the Securities Class Action; (b) the proposed settlement requiring more       
activity or expense than expected; (c) Zoom’s ability to overcome any objections or appeals regarding the proposed 
settlement; (d) compliance by Zoom’s insurance carriers with the terms of the proposed settlement and on a timely  
basis; (e) the sufficiency of Zoom’s cash resources to enable it to satisfy its obligations under the proposed     
settlement; (f) the possibility that individual claimants opt out of the class and pursue individual claims against
Zoom and certain of its officers; and (g) satisfactory resolution of pending and any future litigation or other    
disagreements with others. Additional information on the above risks and uncertainties and additional risks,       
uncertainties and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking   
statements are contained in Zoom’s filings and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission  
under the heading “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in such filings and reports, including Zoom’s Quarterly Report on   
Form 10-Qfor the quarter ended April 30, 2023, and future filings and reports by Zoom. Undue reliance should not be
placed on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made, and the facts and assumptions 
underlying the forward-looking statements may change. Except as required by law, Zoom disclaims any obligation to  
update these forward-looking statements to reflect future information, events, or circumstances.                   
                                                                                                                   
SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                                  
                                Zoom Video Communications, Inc.   
  Date: July 21, 2023    By:    /s/ Aparna Bawa                   
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                Name: Aparna Bawa                 
                                Title:   Chief Operating Officer  
                                                                  
