                                                                                                                   
  UNITED STATESSECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWASHINGTON, D.C. 20549FORM8-KCURRENT REPORTPursuant to Section    
  13 or 15(d)of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):February 7,    
  2023Zoom Video Communications, Inc.(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its                                 
  Charter)Delaware001-3886561-1648780(State or Other Jurisdictionof Incorporation)(CommissionFile Number)(IRS      
  EmployerIdentification No.)55 Almaden Boulevard,6th FloorSan Jose,California95113(Address of principal           
  executive offices and Zip Code)(888)799-9666(Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)Not              
  Applicable(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)Check the appropriate box below if the    
  Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the   
  following provisions (see General Instructions A.2. below):☐Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under    
  the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)☐Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR   
  240.14a-12)☐Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR             
  240.14d-2(b))☐Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR           
  240.13e-4(c))Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:Title of each classTradingSymbol(s)Name  
  of each exchangeon which registeredClass A Common Stock, $0.001 par value per shareZMThe Nasdaq Global Select    
  MarketIndicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the  
  Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934           
  (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).Emerging growth company☐If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if    
  the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised       
  financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                 
  Item 2.05  Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities.  
                                                                 
On February 7, 2023, Zoom Video Communications, Inc. (the “Company”) announced a restructuring plan (the “Plan”)   
intended to reduce operating costs and continue advancing the Company’s ongoing commitment to profitable growth.   
The Plan includes a reduction of the Company’s current workforce by approximately 15 percent. Decisions regarding  
the elimination of positions are subject to local law and consultation requirements in certain countries, as well  
as the Company’s business needs. The Company estimates that it will incur approximately $50 million to $68 million 
in charges in connection with the Plan, which will be substantially incurred in the first quarter of fiscal 2024.  
These charges primarily relate to employee transition, severance payments, employee benefits, and stock-based      
compensation. Of the aggregate amount of charges that the Company estimates it will incur in connection with the   
Plan, the Company expects that approximately $43 million to $59 million will be in future cash expenditures. The   
actions associated with the employee restructuring under the Plan are expected to be substantially complete by the 
first quarter of fiscal 2024, subject to local law and consultation requirements. The estimates of the charges and 
expenditures that the Company expects to incur in connection with the Plan, and the timing thereof, are subject to 
a number of assumptions, including local law requirements in various jurisdictions, and actual amounts may differ  
materially from estimates. In addition, the Company may incur other charges or cash expenditures not currently     
contemplated due to unanticipated events that may occur, including in connection with the implementation of the    
Plan.                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
  Item 5.02  Appointment of Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Departure of Directors or Certain Officers;   
             Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.                                                        
                                                                                                                   
In connection with the Plan, the Company temporarily reduced the base salaries of its executive officers by 20% for
fiscal 2024, and temporarily reduced the base salary of Eric S. Yuan, the Company’s founder and CEO, by 98% to     
$10,000 for fiscal 2024. The Compensation Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors may review, change or end  
the temporary salary reduction program at its discretion in the future.                                            
                                        
  Item 7.01  Regulation FD Disclosure.  
                                        
On February 7, 2023, Eric S. Yuan, the Company’s Founder and Chief Executive Officer, sent a communication to      
Company employees. A copy of the communication is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The 
information in this Item 7.01 and Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto are furnished to, but not “filed” with, the SEC and 
shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of the Company’s filings with the Securities and      
Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as       
amended, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such    
filing. Forward-Looking Statements This Current Report on Form 8-Kcontains forward-looking statements, including,  
but not limited to, statements related to the expected benefits of and timing of completion of the Plan, and the   
expected costs and charges of the Plan. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they    
contain words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “contemplate,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” 
“may,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “target,” “will,” or “would” or the negative of these  
words or other similar terms or expressions. These forward-looking statements are based upon the Company’s current 
plans, assumptions, beliefs, and expectations. Forward-looking statements are subject to the occurrence of many    
events outside of the Company’s control. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those  
contemplated by such forward-looking statements due to numerous factors that involve substantial known and unknown 
risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, among other things, the risk that the restructuring
costs and charges may be greater than anticipated; the risk that the Company’s restructuring efforts may adversely 
affect the Company’s internal programs and the Company’s ability to recruit and retain skilled and motivated       
personnel, and may be distracting to employees and management; the risk that the Company’s restructuring efforts   
may negatively impact the Company’s business operations and reputation with or ability to serve customers; the risk
that the Company’s restructuring efforts may not generate their intended benefits to the extent or as quickly as   
anticipated; and other risks and uncertainties included in the reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Qand 8-Kand in other      
filings the Company makes with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time, available at www.sec.gov. 
Forward-looking statements should be considered in light of these risks and uncertainties. Investors and others are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements contained      
herein speak only as of the date hereof. The Company assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these     
forward-looking statements, except as required by law.                                                             
                                                 
  Item 9.01  Financial Statements And Exhibits.  
                                                 
                 
  (d)  Exhibits  
                 
                                                                                                              
  Exhibit No.    Description                                                                                  
  99.1           Message to Zoom Video Communications, Inc. employees from Eric S. Yuan on February 7, 2023.  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  104            Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)                  
                                                                                                              
SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                         
                                                                                       
                                  Zoom Video Communications,                           
  Dated: February 7, 2023    By:  Inc.                        /s/ Aparna Bawa          
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                              Aparna Bawa              
                                                              Chief Operating Officer  
                                                                                       
