                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                             _________________________                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                             _________________________                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                      Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934                       
                                                                                                                   
                         Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 4, 2023                         
                                                                                                                   
                                             _________________________                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                          Zoom Video Communications, Inc.                                          
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)                               
                                                                                                                   
                                             _________________________                                             
                                                                                 
  Delaware                        001-38865                  61-1648780          
  (State or Other Jurisdiction    -Commission File Number    -IRS Employer       
  of Incorporation)                                          Identification No.  
                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                          55 Almaden Boulevard, 6th Floor                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                            San Jose, California 95113                                             
                                                                                                                   
                               (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code)                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                  (888) 799-9666                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                               (Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                  Not Applicable                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                           (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)                           
                                                                                                                   
                                             _________________________                                             
                                                                                                                   
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions A.2. below):
                                                                                                               
  ☐    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)                   
  ☐    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)                  
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                               
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                                                                            
  Title of each class                       Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Class A Common Stock, $0.001 par value    ZM                   The Nasdaq Global Select Market            
  per share                                                                                                 
                                                                                                            
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2
of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;
Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
                                                                                                                   
  Director Appointment                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
On January 4, 2023, the board of directors (“Board”) of Zoom Video Communications, Inc. (the “Company”) elected
Cindy L. Hoots to the Board, effective January 5, 2023. Ms. Hoots was elected as a Class II director for a term
expiring at the Company’s 2024 annual meeting of stockholders. Ms. Hoots will also serve on the Cybersecurity Risk
Management Committee of the Board.

Ms. Hoots has served as the Chief Digital Officer and Chief Information Officer at AstraZeneca PLC, a
pharmaceutical company, since January 2020. From January 2018 to December 2019, she served as Global Vice President
of Technology of Unilever PLC, a multinational consumer goods company. Prior to joining Unilever, Ms. Hoots served
as Vice President of Next Generation Products, Commercial and Digital Transformation at British American Tobacco
plc, a multinational tobacco manufacturing company, from 2016 to 2018. Ms. Hoots received a B.S. in computer
information systems from DeVry Institute of Technology.

There is no arrangement or understanding between Ms. Hoots and any other persons pursuant to which she was elected
as a director. Ms. Hoots has no direct or indirect material interest in any transaction required to be disclosed by
the Company pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. Ms. Hoots will enter into the Company’s standard form of
indemnification agreement between the Company and its directors and executive officers.

Ms. Hoots will be compensated as a member of the Board under the terms of the Company’s Non-Employee Director
Compensation Policy.
                                                                                                                   
                                                    SIGNATURES                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                                                        
                            Zoom Video Communications, Inc.                             
  Dated: January 4, 2023    By:                                /s/ Aparna Bawa          
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                               Aparna Bawa              
                                                               Chief Operating Officer  
                                                                                        
