UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section
13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 December 29, 2020 Date of Report (Date of earliest event        
reported) Apple Inc. (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)                                        
                                                                                                  
  California                        001-36743                 94-2404110                          
  (State or other jurisdictionof    -CommissionFile Number    -I.R.S. EmployerIdentification No.  
  incorporation)                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
One Apple Park Way Cupertino, California 95014 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ( 408) 996-1010 
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Not applicable (Former name or former address, if changed     
since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-Kfiling is intended to simultaneously satisfy the
filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the following provisions:                                         
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                                        
  Title of each class                     Tradingsymbol(s)    Name of each exchangeon which registered  
  Common Stock, $0.00001 par value per    AAPL                The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC               
  share                                                                                                 
  1.000% Notes due 2022                   —                   The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC               
  1.375% Notes due 2024                   —                   The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC               
  0.000% Notes due 2025                   —                   The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC               
  0.875% Notes due 2025                   —                   The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC               
  1.625% Notes due 2026                   —                   The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC               
  2.000% Notes due 2027                   —                   The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC               
  1.375% Notes due 2029                   —                   The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC               
  3.050% Notes due 2029                   —                   The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC               
  0.500% Notes due 2031                   —                   The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC               
  3.600% Notes due 2042                   —                   The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC               
                                                                                                        
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2of
this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant   
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                                                                                                                   
  Item 5.02  Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;   
             Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.                                                        
                                                                                                                   
On December 29, 2020, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Apple Inc. appointed Ms. Monica Lozano to Apple’s    
Board, effective as of January 4, 2021. Ms. Lozano will serve on the Audit and Finance Committee of the Board. As a
non-employeedirector, Ms. Lozano will receive a $100,000 annual retainer for her service on the Board, paid in     
quarterly installments, and participate in the Apple Inc. Non-EmployeeDirector Stock Plan, as amended and restated 
as of February 13, 2018 (the “Non-EmployeeDirector Plan”), which was filed with the Securities and Exchange        
Commission (the “SEC”) on February 14, 2018 as Exhibit 10.1 to Apple’s Current Report on Form 8-K.On the effective 
day of her appointment, Ms. Lozano received an automatic initial grant of 281 restricted stock units under the Non-
EmployeeDirector Plan. In connection with her appointment, Apple and Ms. Lozano will enter into Apple’s standard   
indemnification agreement for directors, the form of which was filed with the SEC on July 22, 2009 as Exhibit 10.2 
to Apple’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Qfor the quarterly period ended June 27, 2009. There are no transactions    
between Apple and Ms. Lozano that would be required to be reported under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.            
                                                                                                                   
SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                                                                  
  Date: January 5, 2021         Apple Inc.                                                        
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                           By:              /s/ Katherine Adams                                   
                                            Katherine Adams                                       
                                            Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary  
                                                                                                  
