UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section
13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 November 9, 2021 Date of Report (Date of earliest event         
reported) Apple Inc. (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)                                        
                                                                                                  
  California                        001-36743                 94-2404110                          
  (State or other jurisdictionof    -CommissionFile Number    -I.R.S. EmployerIdentification No.  
  incorporation)                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
One Apple Park Way Cupertino, California 95014 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ( 408) 996-1010 
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Not applicable (Former name or former address, if changed     
since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-Kfiling is intended to simultaneously satisfy the
filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the following provisions:                                         
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                                        
  Title of each class                     Tradingsymbol(s)    Name of each exchangeon which registered  
  Common Stock, $0.00001 par value per    AAPL                The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC               
  share                                                                                                 
  1.000% Notes due 2022                   —                   The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC               
  1.375% Notes due 2024                   —                   The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC               
  0.000% Notes due 2025                   —                   The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC               
  0.875% Notes due 2025                   —                   The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC               
  1.625% Notes due 2026                   —                   The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC               
  2.000% Notes due 2027                   —                   The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC               
  1.375% Notes due 2029                   —                   The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC               
  3.050% Notes due 2029                   —                   The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC               
  0.500% Notes due 2031                   —                   The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC               
  3.600% Notes due 2042                   —                   The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC               
                                                                                                        
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2of
this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant   
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                                                                                                                   
  Item 5.02  Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;   
             Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.                                                        
                                                                                                                   
On November 9, 2021, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Apple Inc. appointed Mr. Alex Gorsky to Apple’s Board.
Mr. Gorsky will serve on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board. As a non-employeedirector,
Mr. Gorsky will receive a $100,000 annual retainer for his service on the Board, paid in quarterly installments,   
and participate in the Apple Inc. Non-EmployeeDirector Stock Plan (the “Non-EmployeeDirector Plan”). Upon his      
appointment, Mr. Gorsky received an automatic initial grant of 486 restricted stock units under the Non-           
EmployeeDirector Plan. In connection with his appointment, Apple and Mr. Gorsky will enter into Apple’s standard   
indemnification agreement for directors. There are no transactions between Apple and Mr. Gorsky that would be      
required to be reported under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.                                                       
                                                                                        
  Item 5.03  Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.  
                                                                                        
On November 9, 2021, the Board adopted an amendment, effective as of the same date, to Apple’s Amended and Restated
Bylaws (as so amended, the “Bylaws”) to increase the size of the Board to nine (9) members. Prior to this          
amendment, the Bylaws provided for eight (8) directors. The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by  
reference to the full text of the Bylaws, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.2 and is incorporated    
herein by reference.                                                                                               
                                                 
  Item 9.01  Financial Statements and Exhibits.  
                                                 
                  
  (d)  Exhibits.  
                  
                                                                                                  
  Exhibit Number    Exhibit Description                                                           
  3.2               Amended and Restated Bylaws of Apple Inc., effective as of November 9, 2021.  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  104               Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Current Report on Form 8-K.            
                                                                                                  
SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                                                                    
  Date: November 12, 2021         Apple Inc.                                                        
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                             By:              /s/ Katherine Adams                                   
                                              Katherine Adams                                       
                                              Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary  
                                                                                                    
