                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                               WASHINGTON, DC 20549                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM10-Q                                                      
                                                                                                                   
(Mark One)
                                                                                              
  ☒  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
                                    For the quarterly period endedJune 30, 2021                                    
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                        OR                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                               
  ☐  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                         For the transition period fromto                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                         Commission File Number:001-38211                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                    Roku, Inc.                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                               
                                                           
  Delaware                             26-2087865          
  (State or other jurisdiction         -I.R.S. Employer    
  of incorporation or organization)    Identification No.  
                                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                1155 Coleman Avenue                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                             San Jose,California95110                                              
                                                                                                                   
                            (Address of principal executive offices including zip code)                            
                                                                                                                   
                              Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ()                               
                                                                                                                   
                            Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                            
                                                                                                      
  Title of Each Class:                     Trading Symbol(s):  Name of Exchange on Which Registered:  
  Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value  “ROKU”              The Nasdaq Global Select Market        
                                                                                                      
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to
be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated
filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.
                                                                  
  Large accelerated filer    ☒    Accelerated filer            ☐  
  Non-accelerated filer      ☐    Smaller reporting company    ☐  
  Emerging growth company    ☐                                    
                                                                  
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).
Yes ☐ No ☒

As of July 31, 2021, the registrant had of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, and shares of Class B
common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, outstanding.
                                                                                                                   
                                                 Table of Contents                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                           
                                                                                                     Page  
  PART I.   FINANCIAL INFORMATION                                                                       1  
  Item 1.   Financial Statements (Unaudited)                                                            1  
            Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets                                                       1  
            Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations                                             2  
            Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity                                   3  
            Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                             4  
            Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements                              5  
  Item 2.   Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations      22  
  Item 3.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk                                 34  
  Item 4.   Controls and Procedures                                                                    34  
  PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION                                                                          35  
  Item 1.   Legal Proceedings                                                                          35  
  Item 1A.  Risk Factors                                                                               35  
  Item 2.   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds                                73  
  Item 3.   Defaults Upon Senior Securities                                                            73  
  Item 4.   Mine Safety Disclosures                                                                    73  
  Item 5.   Other Information                                                                          73  
  Item 6.   Exhibits                                                                                   74  
            Signatures                                                                                 75  
                                                                                                           
                                                         i                                                         
                                                                                                                   
   NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the “Exchange Act”) about us and our industry that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All
statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this report, including statements regarding our
future results of operations and financial condition, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for
future operations, are forward-looking statements. For example, statements in this Form 10-Q regarding the
potential future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company’s business and results of operations are forward-
looking statements. In some cases, forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “anticipate,”
“believe,” “continue,” “could,” “design,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “potentially,” “predict,”
“project,” “should,” “will” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. We caution you that the
foregoing list does not encompass all of the forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.

Forward-looking statements are based on our management’s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently
available. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and
assumptions, including risks described in the section titled “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q, regarding, among other things:
                                                                                                                   
  •  our financial performance, including our revenue, cost of revenue, operating expenses and our ability to      
     attain and sustain profitability;                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •  the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, operations, and the markets and communities in which we  
     and our advertisers, partners, manufacturers, suppliers and users operate;                                    
                                                                                                                   
                                                                            
  •  our ability to attract and retain users and increase streaming hours;  
                                                                            
                                                     
  •  our ability to attract and retain advertisers;  
                                                     
                                                                                                              
  •  our ability to attract and retain TV brands and service operators to license and deploy our technology;  
                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
  •  our ability to acquire rights to distribute popular content on our platform on favorable terms, or at all,    
     including the renewals of our existing agreements with content publishers;                                    
                                                                                                                   
                                                                         
  •  changes in consumer viewing habits and the growth of TV streaming;  
                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
  •  the growth of our relevant markets, including the growth in advertising spend on TV streaming platforms, and  
     our ability to successfully grow our business in those markets;                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                         
  •  our ability to adapt to changing market conditions and technological developments;  
                                                                                         
                                                                                                 
  •  our ability to develop and launch new products and provide ancillary services and support;  
                                                                                                 
                                                                               
  •  our ability to integrate acquired businesses, products and technologies;  
                                                                               
                                                                                            
  •  our ability to compete effectively with existing competitors and new market entrants;  
                                                                                            
                                                                               
  •  our ability to successfully manage domestic and international expansion;  
                                                                               
                                                                               
  •  our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel;  
                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
  •  our ability to address potential and actual security breaches and system failures involving our products,     
     systems and operations;                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                  
  •  our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual property; and  
                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
     our ability to comply with laws and regulations that currently apply or may become applicable to our          
  •  business both in the United States and internationally, including compliance with the EU General Data         
     Protection Regulation and the California Consumer Privacy Act.                                                
                                                                                                                   
Other sections of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may include additional factors that could harm our business
and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risk
factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for our management to predict all risk factors nor can we
assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may
cause actual results to differ from those contained in, or implied by, any forward-looking statements.
                                                        ii                                                         
You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We cannot assure you that the
events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Although we believe
that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future
results, levels of activity,performanceor achievements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to
update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this report or to conform these
statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations. You should read this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
and the documents that we reference in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and have filed as exhibits to this report
with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and achievements may be
materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary
statements.

Investors and others should note that we may announce material business and financial information to our investors
using our investor relations website (roku.com/investor), SEC filings, webcasts, press releases, and conference
calls. We use these mediums to communicate with investors and the general public about our company, our products
and services, and other issues. It is possible that the information that we make available may be deemed to be
material information. We therefore encourage investors, the media and others interested in our company to review
the information that we post on our investor relations website.

Roku, the Roku logo and other trade names, trademarks or service marks of Roku appearing in this report are the
property of Roku. Trade names, trademarks and service marks of other companies appearing in this report are the
property of their respective holders.
                                                        iii                                                        
                                                                                                                   
                                           PART I—FINANCIAL INFORMATION                                            
                                                                                                                   
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 1. Financial Statements                                                                                   │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                                                                   
                                                    ROKU, INC.                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                       (in thousands, except par value data)                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                    (unaudited)                                                    
                                                                                             
                                                        As of                                
                                                June 30, 2021          December 31, 2020     
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Assets                                                                                     
  Current Assets:                                                                            
  Cash and cash equivalents                  $      2,083,273       $          1,092,815     
  Restricted cash, current                                  —                        434     
  Accounts receivable, net of allowances              587,481                    523,852     
  of $24,455 and $41,236 as of                                                               
  June 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020,                                                       
  respectively                                                                               
  Inventories                                          47,996                     53,895     
  Prepaid expenses and other current                   80,482                     26,644     
  assets                                                                                     
  Total current assets                              2,799,232                  1,697,640     
  Property and equipment, net                         160,544                    155,197     
  Operating lease right-of-use assets                 298,949                    266,197     
  Intangible assets, net                               97,218                     62,181     
  Goodwill                                            146,784                     73,058     
  Other non-current assets                            135,831                     16,269     
  Total Assets                               $      3,638,558       $          2,270,542     
  Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity                                                       
  Current Liabilities:                                                                       
  Accounts payable                           $        132,483       $            112,314     
  Accrued liabilities                                 423,253                    347,668     
  Current portion of long-term debt                     7,377                      4,874     
  Deferred revenue, current portion                    48,235                     55,465     
  Total current liabilities                           611,348                    520,321     
  Long-term debt, non-current portion                  84,928                     89,868     
  Deferred revenue, non-current portion                23,149                     21,283     
  Operating lease liability, non-current              336,948                    307,936     
  portion                                                                                    
  Other long-term liabilities                          21,157                      3,119     
  Total Liabilities                                 1,077,530                    942,527     
  Commitments and contingencies (Note 12)                                                    
  Stockholders’ Equity:                                                                      
  Common stock, $0.0001 par value                          13                         13     
  Additional paid-in capital                        2,743,629                  1,660,379     
  Accumulated other comprehensive income                   29                         29     
  Accumulated deficit                                (182,643  )                (332,406  )  
  Total Stockholders’ Equity                        2,561,028                  1,328,015     
  Total Liabilities and Stockholders’        $      3,638,558       $          2,270,542     
  Equity                                                                                     
                                                                                             
                      See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                         1                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                    ROKU, INC.                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                       (in thousands, except per share data)                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                    (unaudited)                                                    
                                                                                                                   
                           Three Months                                      Six Months                            
                                  Ended                                           Ended                            
                          June 30, 2021          June 30, 2020            June 30, 2021          June 30, 2020     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net Revenue:                                                                                                     
  Platform          $           532,303       $        244,777       $          998,829       $        477,334     
  Player                        112,816                111,296                  220,473                199,505     
  Total net                     645,119                356,073                1,219,302                676,839     
  revenue                                                                                                          
  Cost of                                                                                                          
  Revenue:                                                                                                         
  Platform                      187,328                106,324                  341,918                208,260     
  Player                        119,525                102,913                  212,347                180,642     
  Total cost of                 306,853                209,237                  554,265                388,902     
  revenue                                                                                                          
  Gross Profit:                                                                                                    
  Platform                      344,975                138,453                  656,911                269,074     
  Player                         (6,709  )               8,383                    8,126                 18,863     
  Total gross                   338,266                146,836                  665,037                287,937     
  profit                                                                                                           
  Operating                                                                                                        
  Expenses:                                                                                                        
  Research and                  113,276                 84,387                  214,857                172,665     
  development                                                                                                      
  Sales and                      93,678                 64,164                  182,551                132,412     
  marketing                                                                                                        
  General and                    62,228                 40,494                  122,739                 80,234     
  administrative                                                                                                   
  Total                                                                                                            
  operating                     269,182                189,045                  520,147                385,311     
  expenses                                                                                                         
  Income (Loss)                                                                                                    
  from                           69,084                (42,209  )               144,890                (97,374  )  
  Operations                                                                                                       
  Other Income                                                                                                     
  (Expense),                                                                                                       
  Net:                                                                                                             
  Interest                         (746  )              (1,034  )                (1,488  )              (1,897  )  
  expense                                                                                                          
  Other income                    1,520                    557                    1,961                  1,818     
  (expense), net                                                                                                   
  Total other                                                                                                      
  income                            774                   (477  )                   473                    (79  )  
  (expense), net                                                                                                   
  Income (Loss)                                                                                                    
  Before Income                  69,858                (42,686  )               145,363                (97,453  )  
  Taxes                                                                                                            
  Income tax                                                                                                       
  (benefit)                      (3,609  )                 462                   (4,400  )                 307     
  expense                                                                                                          
  Net Income        $            73,467       $        (43,148  )    $          149,763       $        (97,760  )  
  (Loss)                                                                                                           
  Net income                                                                                                       
  (loss) per        $              0.55       $          (0.35  )    $             1.14       $          (0.81  )  
  share — basic                                                                                                    
  Net income                                                                                                       
  (loss) per        $              0.52       $          (0.35  )    $             1.06       $          (0.81  )  
  share —                                                                                                          
  diluted                                                                                                          
  Weighted-aver…                                                                                                   
  common shares                 132,705                122,614                  131,198                121,397     
  outstanding —                                                                                                    
  basic                                                                                                            
  Weighted-aver…                                                                                                   
  common shares                 142,122                122,614                  141,234                121,397     
  outstanding —                                                                                                    
  diluted                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
                      See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                         2                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                    ROKU, INC.                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                             CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                  (in thousands)                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                    (unaudited)                                                    
                                                                                                                   
  Three and                                                                                                        
  Six                                                                                                              
  Months                                                      Accumulat…                                           
  Ended            Common                    Additional            Other                                 Total     
  June 30,          Stock                       Paid-in       Comprehen…       Accumulated          Stockhold…     
  2021             Shares       Amount          Capital           Income           Deficit              Equity     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance—…       132,304    $      13    $   2,697,380    $          29    $     (256,110  )    $   2,441,312     
  31, 2021                                                                                                         
  Issuance                                                                                                         
  of common                                                                                                        
  stock                                                                                                            
  pursuant            995            —            3,580                —                 —               3,580     
  to                                                                                                               
  equity                                                                                                           
  incentive                                                                                                        
  plans                                                                                                            
  Stock-ba…                                                                                                        
  compensa…             —            —           42,669                —                 —              42,669     
  expense                                                                                                          
  Net                   —            —                —                —            73,467              73,467     
  income                                                                                                           
  Balance—…       133,299    $      13    $   2,743,629    $          29    $     (182,643  )    $   2,561,028     
  30, 2021                                                                                                         
  Balance—…       128,004    $      13    $   1,660,379    $          29    $     (332,406  )    $   1,328,015     
  31, 2020                                                                                                         
  Vesting                                                                                                          
  of early                                                                                                         
  exercised             —            —                4                —                 —                   4     
  stock                                                                                                            
  options                                                                                                          
  Issuance                                                                                                         
  of common                                                                                                        
  stock                                                                                                            
  pursuant          2,658            —           10,285                —                 —              10,285     
  to                                                                                                               
  equity                                                                                                           
  incentive                                                                                                        
  plans                                                                                                            
  Issuance                                                                                                         
  of common                                                                                                        
  stock in                                                                                                         
  connecti…                                                                                                        
  with                                                                                                             
  at-the-m…         2,637            —          989,615                —                 —             989,615     
  offering,                                                                                                        
  net of                                                                                                           
  issuance                                                                                                         
  costs of                                                                                                         
  $10,400                                                                                                          
  Stock-ba…                                                                                                        
  compensa…             —            —           83,346                —                 —              83,346     
  expense                                                                                                          
  Net                   —            —                —                —           149,763             149,763     
  income                                                                                                           
  Balance—…       133,299    $      13    $   2,743,629    $          29    $     (182,643  )    $   2,561,028     
  30, 2021                                                                                                         
                                             Additional       Accumulat…                                 Total     
                   Common                       Paid-in            Other       Accumulated          Stockhold…     
                    Stock                                     Comprehen…                                           
                   Shares       Amount          Capital           Income           Deficit              Equity     
  Three and                                                                                                        
  Six                                                                                                              
  Months                                                                                                           
  Ended                                                                                                            
  June 30,                                                                                                         
  2020                                                                                                             
  Balance—…       120,657    $      12    $   1,045,383    $          29    $     (369,511  )    $     675,913     
  31, 2020                                                                                                         
  Vesting                                                                                                          
  of early                                                                                                         
  exercised             —            —                9                —                 —                   9     
  stock                                                                                                            
  options                                                                                                          
  Issuance                                                                                                         
  of common                                                                                                        
  stock                                                                                                            
  pursuant            923            —            3,134                —                 —               3,134     
  to                                                                                                               
  equity                                                                                                           
  incentive                                                                                                        
  plans                                                                                                            
  Issuance                                                                                                         
  of common                                                                                                        
  stock in                                                                                                         
  connecti…                                                                                                        
  with                                                                                                             
  at-the-m…         3,004            —          349,609                —                 —             349,609     
  offering,                                                                                                        
  net of                                                                                                           
  issuance                                                                                                         
  costs of                                                                                                         
  $4,800                                                                                                           
  Stock-ba…                                                                                                        
  compensa…             —            —           30,036                —                 —              30,036     
  expense                                                                                                          
  Net loss              —            —                —                —           (43,148  )          (43,148  )  
  Balance—…       124,584    $      12    $   1,428,171    $          29    $     (412,659  )    $   1,015,553     
  30, 2020                                                                                                         
  Balance—…       119,897    $      12    $   1,012,218    $          29    $     (313,833  )    $     698,426     
  31, 2019                                                                                                         
  Vesting                                                                                                          
  of early                                                                                                         
  exercised             —            —               26                —                 —                  26     
  stock                                                                                                            
  options                                                                                                          
  Issuance                                                                                                         
  of common                                                                                                        
  stock                                                                                                            
  pursuant          1,683            —            5,877                —                 —               5,877     
  to                                                                                                               
  equity                                                                                                           
  incentive                                                                                                        
  plans                                                                                                            
  Issuance                                                                                                         
  of common                                                                                                        
  stock in                                                                                                         
  connecti…                                                                                                        
  with                                                                                                             
  at-the-m…         3,004            —          349,609                —                 —             349,609     
  offering,                                                                                                        
  net of                                                                                                           
  issuance                                                                                                         
  costs of                                                                                                         
  $4,800                                                                                                           
  Stock-ba…                                                                                                        
  compensa…             —            —           60,441                —                 —              60,441     
  expense                                                                                                          
  Adoption                                                                                                         
  of ASU                —            —                —                —            (1,066  )           (1,066  )  
  2016-13                                                                                                          
  Net loss              —            —                —                —           (97,760  )          (97,760  )  
  Balance—…       124,584    $      12    $   1,428,171    $          29    $     (412,659  )    $   1,015,553     
  30, 2020                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                      See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                         3                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                    ROKU, INC.                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                                  (in thousands)                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                    (unaudited)                                                    
                                                                                             
                                                 Six Months Ended                            
                                                    June 30, 2021          June 30, 2020     
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash flows from operating activities:                                                      
  Net income (loss)                           $           149,763       $        (97,760  )  
  Adjustments to reconcile net income                                                        
  (loss) to net cash provided by operating                                                   
  activities:                                                                                
  Depreciation and amortization                            20,412                 17,248     
  Stock-based compensation expense                         83,083                 60,441     
  Amortization of right-of-use assets                      13,979                 15,947     
  Amortization of content assets                           28,093                 12,182     
  Provision for (recoveries of) doubtful                   (1,099  )               3,516     
  accounts                                                                                   
  Other items, net                                             (8  )                 290     
  Changes in operating assets and                                                            
  liabilities:                                                                               
  Accounts receivable                                     (56,661  )              21,372     
  Inventories                                               5,899                  4,713     
  Prepaid expenses and other current                      (30,235  )              (5,222  )  
  assets                                                                                     
  Other non-current assets                                (72,195  )               2,095     
  Accounts payable                                         16,433                 20,847     
  Accrued liabilities                                      16,543                  6,336     
  Operating lease liabilities                             (18,394  )              12,695     
  Other long-term liabilities                                (527  )                (556  )  
  Deferred revenue                                        (10,326  )               5,952     
  Net cash provided by operating                          144,760                 80,096     
  activities                                                                                 
  Cash flows from investing activities:                                                      
  Purchases of property and equipment                     (13,898  )             (64,109  )  
  Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash                (136,778  )                   —     
  acquired                                                                                   
  Proceeds from escrows associated with                         —                  1,058     
  acquisition                                                                                
  Net cash used in investing activities                  (150,676  )             (63,051  )  
  Cash flows from financing activities:                                                      
  Proceeds from equity issued under                                                          
  at-the-market offerings, net of issuance                989,615                349,609     
  costs                                                                                      
  Proceeds from borrowings, net of                              —                 69,325     
  issuance costs                                                                             
  Repayments of borrowings                                 (2,500  )             (71,825  )  
  Proceeds from equity issued under                        10,285                  5,877     
  incentive plans                                                                            
  Net cash provided by financing                          997,400                352,986     
  activities                                                                                 
  Net increase in cash, cash equivalents                  991,484                370,031     
  and restricted cash                                                                        
  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted                 1,093,249                517,333     
  cash —beginning of period                                                                  
  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted       $         2,084,733       $        887,364     
  cash —end of period                                                                        
  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted                                                      
  cash at end of period:                                                                     
                                                                                             
  Cash and cash equivalents                             2,083,273                885,825     
  Restricted cash, current                                      —                  1,539     
  Restricted cash, non-current                              1,460                      —     
  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted       $         2,084,733       $        887,364     
  cash —end of period                                                                        
                                                                                             
                                                                     
  Supplemental disclosures of cash flow                              
  information:                                                       
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash paid for interest                      $   1,290    $  2,118  
  Cash paid for income taxes                  $     487    $    482  
  Supplemental disclosures of noncash                                
  investing and financing activities:                                
  Non-cash consideration for business         $  15,200    $      —  
  combination                                                        
  Services to be received as part of a        $   6,300    $      —  
  business combination                                               
  Unpaid portion of property and equipment    $   3,709    $  5,218  
  purchases                                                          
  Unpaid portion of acquisition-related       $     271    $      —  
  expenses                                                           
  Unpaid portion of purchased intangibles     $       —    $    400  
  Unpaid portion of at-the-market issuance    $       —    $    150  
  costs                                                              
                                                                     
                      See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                         4                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                    ROKU, INC.                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                          NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                           
                                                                                                                   
1. THE COMPANY
Organization and Description of Business
Roku, Inc. (the “Company” or “Roku”), was formed in October 2002 as Roku LLC under the laws of the State of
Delaware. On , Roku LLC was converted into Roku, Inc., a Delaware corporation. The Company’s TV streaming platform
allows users to easily discover and access a wide variety of movies and TV episodes, as well as live sports, music,
news and more.The Company operates in reportable segments and generates platform revenue from advertising, content
distribution, audience development and billing services, and player revenue from the sale of streaming players and
audio products.
2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Basis of Presentation
The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”) and applicable rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) regarding interim financial reporting. Certain information and note
disclosures normally included in the financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed
or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. These condensed consolidated financial statements should be read
in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2020, filed with the SEC on February 26, 2021 (the “Annual Report”).
The condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2020 has been derived from the audited consolidated
financial statements as of that date but does not include all of the information and footnotes included in the
Company’s Annual Report. The interim financial information is unaudited, but reflects all normal recurring
adjustments that are, in the opinion of management, necessary to fairly present the information set forth herein.
The results of operations for the three and six months ended June 30, 2021 are not necessarily indicative of the
operating results to be expected for the full year or any future periods.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of the Company’s condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires
management to make certain estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, net revenue and expenses. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include: for
revenue recognition, determining the nature and timing of satisfaction of performance obligations, variable
consideration, determining the stand-alone selling prices of performance obligations, gross versus net revenue
recognition, evaluation of customer versus vendor relationships, and other obligations such as sales return
reserves and sales incentive programs; the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets; valuation of assets
acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with business combinations; useful lives of tangible and intangible
assets; allowances for doubtful accounts; the valuation of deferred income tax assets; and stock-based
compensation. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that the
Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from the Company’s estimates
and assumptions.
Principles of Consolidation
The condensed consolidated financial statements, which include the accounts of Roku, Inc. and its wholly-owned
subsidiaries, have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to
be cash equivalents. As of June 30, 2021, financial institutions managed % and %, respectively, of the Company’s
cash and cash equivalents balance. As of December 31, 2020, financial institutions managed % and %, respectively,
of the Company’s cash and cash equivalents balance.
                                                         5                                                         
Accounts Receivable, net
Accounts receivable are typically unsecured and are derived from revenue earned from customers. They are stated at
invoice value less estimated allowances for sales returns, sales incentives and doubtful accounts. The Company
performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and maintains allowances for potential credit losses and
doubtful accounts. The Company considers historical experience, ongoing promotional activities, historical claim
rate and other factors to determine the allowances for sales returns and sales incentives.
Allowance for Sales Returns: Allowance for sales returns consists of the following activities (in thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                           Three Months                                      Six Months                            
                                  Ended                                           Ended                            
                          June 30, 2021          June 30, 2020            June 30, 2021          June 30, 2020     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Beginning         $            (3,768  )    $         (4,668  )    $           (5,912  )    $         (6,550  )  
  balance                                                                                                          
  Charged to                     (4,524  )              (3,959  )                (7,050  )              (6,686  )  
  revenue                                                                                                          
  Utilization of                                                                                                   
  sales return                    3,777                  3,215                    8,447                  7,824     
  reserve                                                                                                          
  Ending balance    $            (4,515  )    $         (5,412  )    $           (4,515  )    $         (5,412  )  
                                                                                                                   
Allowance for Sales Incentives: Allowance for sales incentives consists of the following activities (in thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                           Three Months                                      Six Months                            
                                  Ended                                           Ended                            
                          June 30, 2021          June 30, 2020            June 30, 2021          June 30, 2020     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Beginning         $           (20,136  )    $         (9,273  )    $          (30,838  )    $        (19,476  )  
  balance                                                                                                          
  Charged to                    (14,956  )              (8,248  )               (27,574  )             (17,657  )  
  revenue                                                                                                          
  Utilization of                                                                                                   
  sales                          18,452                  8,559                   41,772                 28,171     
  incentive                                                                                                        
  reserve                                                                                                          
  Ending balance    $           (16,640  )    $         (8,962  )    $          (16,640  )    $         (8,962  )  
                                                                                                                   
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts: Allowance for doubtful accounts consists of the following activities (in
thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                           Three Months                                      Six Months                            
                                  Ended                                           Ended                            
                          June 30, 2021          June 30, 2020            June 30, 2021          June 30, 2020     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Beginning         $            (4,127  )    $         (4,959  )    $           (4,181  )    $         (1,140  )  
  balance                                                                                                          
  Impact of                                                                                                        
  adoption of                         —                      —                        —                 (1,066  )  
  ASU 2016-13                                                                                                      
  Adjusted                                                                                                         
  beginning                      (4,127  )              (4,959  )                (4,181  )              (2,206  )  
  balance                                                                                                          
  Provision for                                                                                                    
  doubtful                        1,045                    273                    1,099                 (2,965  )  
  accounts                                                                                                         
  Adjustments                                                                                                      
  for recovery                        —                    283                        —                    768     
  and write-off                                                                                                    
  Ending balance    $            (3,082  )    $         (4,403  )    $           (3,082  )    $         (4,403  )  
                                                                                                                   
The Company did t have any customer that accounted for more than 10% of its accounts receivable, net balance as of
June 30, 2021. Customer H accounted for % of the accounts receivable, net balance as of December 31, 2020.
RecentlyAdopted Accounting Standards
On , the Company adopted the guidance issued in Accounting Standards Updates (“ASU”) 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic
740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. The ASU simplifies the accounting for income taxes by removing
certain exceptions to the general principles and also simplifies areas such as franchise taxes, step-up in tax
basis of goodwill, separate entity financial statements and interim recognition of enactment of tax laws or rate
changes. The adoption did not have a material impact on the Company’s condensed consolidated financial statements.
                                                         6                                                         
In March 2020,the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”)issued ASU 2020-04,Reference Rate Reform (Topic
848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting. This guidance provides optional
expedients and exceptions for applying U.S. GAAP to contract modifications, hedging relationships, and other
transactions that reference London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) that is expected to be discontinued, subject to
meeting certain criteria. The guidance iseffectiveas ofMarch 12, 2020through December 31, 2022. The Company made a
policy election in the second quarter of 2020 to elect a different reference rate for the Credit Agreement(as
defined below)when LIBOR is discontinued.
3. REVENUE
The Company’s disaggregated revenues are represented by the reportable segments discussed in Note 15.
The contract balances include the following (in thousands):
                                                                                     
                                                      As of                          
                                              June 30, 2021       December 31, 2020  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Accounts receivable, net                 $        587,481    $            523,852  
  Contract assets (included in Prepaid               37,715                   7,431  
  expenses and other current assets)                                                 
  Deferred revenue, current portion        $         48,235    $             55,465  
  Deferred revenue, non-current portion              23,149                  21,283  
  Total deferred revenue                   $         71,384    $             76,748  
                                                                                     
Accounts receivable are recorded at the amount invoiced, net of an allowance for doubtful accounts, sales returns,
and sales incentives. Payment terms can vary by customer and contract.
The timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. Contract assets are created
when invoicing occurs subsequent to revenue recognition. Contract assets are transferred to accounts receivable
when the right to invoice becomes unconditional. The Company’s contract assets are generally current in nature.
Contract assets increased by approximately $ 30.3million during the six months ended June 30, 2021 primarily due to
an increase in the growth of platform revenue combined with the timing of billing which falls into a subsequent
period.
Contract liabilities are included in deferred revenue and reflect consideration invoiced prior to the completion of
performance obligations and revenue recognition. Deferred revenue decreased by approximately $ million during the
six months ended June 30, 2021 due to the timing of fulfillment of performance obligations related to platform
revenue contracts.
Revenue recognized during the three and six months ended June 30, 2021, from amounts included in deferred revenue
as of December 31, 2020, was $ million and $ million, respectively. Revenue recognized during the three and six
months ended June 30, 2020, from amounts included in deferred revenue as of December 31, 2019, was $ million and $
million, respectively.
Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations represents estimated contracted revenue that has not yet
been recognized which includes unearned revenue and amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in
future periods. Estimated contracted revenue for these remaining performance obligations was $ 1,248.4millionas of
June 30, 2021 of which we expect to recognize approximately 35% over the next 12 months and the remainder
thereafter.
The Company recognized revenue of $ million and $ millionduring the three and six months ended June 30, 2021,
respectively, and revenue of $ 7.1million and $ 6.6million during the three and six months ended June 30, 2020,
respectively, from performance obligations that were satisfied in previous periods due to changes in the
transaction price of its revenue contracts.
Customers accounting for 10% or more of the Company’s net revenue were as follows:
                                                                                                                   
                               Three Months                        June 30,      Six Months           June 30,     
                June 30, 2021  Ended           June 30, 2020       2021          Ended                    2020     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Customer C    *                                         13  %    *                                        13  %  
  Customer H    *                                         10  %    *                                         *     
                                                                                                                   
* Less than 10%.
                                                         7                                                         
4. business combinationS
Nielsen’s Advanced Video Advertising Business
On February 28, 2021, the Company entered into an Asset and Stock Purchase Agreement (the “ASPA”) to purchase the
Advanced Video Advertising (“AVA”) business from Nielsen Holdings PLC (“Nielsen”). The AVA business consists
primarily of video automatic content recognition and dynamic ad insertion (“DAI”) technologies. On April 15, 2021,
the Company closed the transaction, acquiring from Nielsen the AVA business, consisting of certain assets and
liabilities and all of the equity interests in a subsidiary associated with the AVA business (the “Acquisition”).
In conjunction with the Acquisition, Roku and Nielsen entered into a strategic commercial arrangement under which
the parties will provide certain advertising measurement solutions to each other. The Company acquired Nielsen’s
AVA business to accelerate its launch of an end-to-end DAI solution for traditional TV and to further integrate
Nielsen’s ad and content measurement products into the Company’s platform.
The total purchase consideration for Nielsen’s AVA business was $ million, which consisted of (i) $ million paid in
cash and (ii) $ million of noncash consideration related to obligations to deliver services to Nielsen, offset by
(iii) $ million of services to be received from Nielsen. The obligations to deliver services to Nielsen were
recorded at fair value using the incremental cash flow method. The services delivered to Nielsen will be recognized
within Other income (expense), net in the condensed consolidated statement of operations over the service period.
The services to be received from Nielsen represent contract terms that the Company entered into for future goods
and services that were recorded at fair value using the incremental cash flow method. These services will be
recognized as Cost of revenue, platform in the condensed consolidated statement of operations over the service
period.
In addition, there are earn-out conditions in the ASPA which may trigger an additional payment to Nielsen. As of
the Acquisition date and as of June 30, 2021, no contingent consideration is anticipated to be paid to Nielsen as
the likelihood of the earn-out conditions being met was determined to be remote. The Company incurred $ million in
acquisition-related expenses andhas recorded them inGeneral and administrativeexpenses in the condensed
consolidated statementof operations.
The Company is still in the process of finalizing the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
The purchase price allocation below is preliminary in nature. The estimates and assumptions regarding the fair
value of certain tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, the valuation of intangible assets acquired,
income taxes, and goodwill are subject to change as the Company obtains additional information during the
measurement period, which usually lasts for up to from the Acquisition date.
The preliminary allocation of the purchase consideration to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities
assumed is based on estimated fair values and is as follows (in thousands):
                                                                 
  Assets acquired                                Fair Values     
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash and cash equivalents                   $        3,057     
  Prepaid expenses and other current                      85     
  assets                                                         
  Property and equipment, net                            584     
  Intangible assets:                                             
  Developed technology                                14,200     
  IPR&D technology                                     8,500     
  Goodwill                                            22,055     
  Operating lease right-of-use assets                  1,235     
  Other non-current assets                             1,927     
  Total assets acquired                               51,643     
  Liabilities assumed                                            
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities            (1,168  )  
  Operating lease liabilities                           (830  )  
  Other long-term liabilities                         (2,254  )  
  Total liabilities assumed                           (4,252  )  
  Total purchase consideration                $       47,391     
                                                                 
                                                         8                                                         
The excess of the total consideration over the tangible assets, identifiable intangible assets, and assumed
liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Goodwill is primarily attributable to expected synergies in our advertising
offerings and cross-selling opportunities. The majority of the goodwill recorded is deductible for tax purposes.

The fair value of the developed technology has been estimated using the relief-from-royalty method. The key
valuation assumptions include the Company's estimates of expected future earnings and royalty rate.The Company
amortizes the fair value of the developed technology on a straight-line basis over its useful life. The fair value
of the in-process research and development (“IPR&D”) technology has been estimated using the multi-period-excess-
earnings method. The key valuation assumptions include the Company's estimates of expected future revenue and
margin.Once the project reaches technological feasibility, the Company will amortize the fair value of the IPR&D
technology on a straight-line basis over its useful life.
The valuation of the intangible assets acquired from Nielsen’s AVA business along with their estimated useful
lives, is as follows (in thousands, except years):
                                                                                                          
                                                                 Estimated Weighted-Average Useful Lives  
                                         Estimated Fair Value                                 (in years)  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Developed technology                $                14,200                                        5.9  
  IPR&D technology                                      8,500                                        5.3  
  Estimated fair value of acquired    $                22,700                                        5.7  
  intangible assets                                                                                       
                                                                                                          
The revenue, cost of revenue and gross profit recorded by the Company in its condensed consolidated statement of
operations from the Acquisition date to June 30, 2021 are not material.

This Old House

On March 19, 2021, the Company acquired all outstanding shares of TOH Intermediate Holdings, LLC (“This Old
House”), a home improvement media business, according to the terms and conditions of the Equity Purchase Agreement.
The Company acquired the This Old House business because the Company believes the content aligns with The Roku
Channel’s ad-supported growth strategy.

The total purchase consideration for This Old House was $ 97.8million, paid entirely in cash. The Company incurred
$million in acquisition-related expenses and has recorded them in General and administrative expenses in the
condensed consolidated statement of operations.

The purchase price allocation below is preliminary in nature. The estimates and assumptions regarding the fair
value of certain tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, the valuation of intangible assets acquired,
income taxes, and goodwill are subject to change as the Company obtains additional information during the
measurement period, which usually lasts for up to one yearfrom the acquisition date.
                                                         9                                                         
The preliminary allocation of the purchase consideration to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities
assumed, reflecting measurement period adjustments through June 30, 2021, is based on estimated fair values and is
as follows (in thousands):
                                                                 
  Assets acquired                                Fair Values     
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash and cash equivalents                   $            7     
  Accounts receivable                                  5,830     
  Prepaid expenses and other current                   7,310     
  assets                                                         
  Property and equipment, net                            307     
  Intangible assets:                                             
  Tradename                                           20,000     
  Customer relationships                                 700     
  Goodwill                                            46,671     
  Operating lease right-of-use assets                  5,498     
  Other non-current assets                            23,487     
  Total assets acquired                              109,810     
  Liabilities assumed                                            
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities            (2,747  )  
  Deferred revenue, current portion                   (4,146  )  
  Operating lease liabilities                         (4,262  )  
  Deferred revenue, non-current portion                 (816  )  
  Other long-term liabilities                            (28  )  
  Total liabilities assumed                          (11,999  )  
  Total purchase consideration                $       97,811     
                                                                 
Other non-current assets include$ million of content assets acquired. The fair value of the content assets has been
estimated using the income approach. Amortization expense related to the content assets will be recorded on an
accelerated basis according to the pattern of monetization. From the acquisition date of March 19, 2021 to June 30,
2021, amortization expense is not material and is recorded in Cost of revenue, platform.

The excess of the total consideration over the tangible assets, identifiable intangible assets, and assumed
liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Goodwill is primarily attributable to expected synergies in our advertising
offerings as we bring morefree ad-supported content to our users. The goodwill recorded is deductible for tax
purposes.

The fair value of the tradename has been estimated using the relief-from-royalty method. The key valuation
assumptions include the Company's estimates of expected future revenue and royalty rate.The Company amortizes the
fair value of the tradename on a straight-line basis over its useful life.
The valuation of the intangible assets acquired from This Old House along with their estimated useful lives, is as
follows (in thousands, except years):
                                                                                                          
                                                                 Estimated Weighted-Average Useful Lives  
                                         Estimated Fair Value                                 (in years)  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Tradename                           $                20,000                                       10.0  
  Customer relationships                                  700                                        4.0  
  Estimated fair value of acquired    $                20,700                                        9.8  
  intangible assets                                                                                       
                                                                                                          
The revenue, cost of revenue and gross profit recorded by the Company in its condensed consolidated statement of
operations from the acquisition date of March 19, 2021 to June 30, 2021 are not material.
5. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Goodwill
Goodwill represents the excess of purchase consideration in a business combination over the fair value of tangible
and intangible assets acquired net of the liabilities assumed. All goodwill relates to the Company’s platform
segment.
                                                        10                                                         
The following table reflects the carrying value of goodwill (in thousands):
                                                         
                                         Carrying Value  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance as of December 31, 2020     $          73,058  
  Additions:                                             
  This Old House acquisition                     46,671  
  Nielsen AVA business acquisition               22,055  
  Other immaterial acquisitions                   5,000  
  Balance as of June 30, 2021         $         146,784  
                                                         
Intangible Assets
The following table is the summary of the Company’s intangible assets (in thousands, except years):
                                                                                                                   
                            As of June 30,                                                                         
                                      2021                                                                         
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                            Gross Carrying       Accumulated                     Net Carrying    Weighted-Average  
                                    Amount       Amortization                          Amount    Useful Lives (in  
                                                                                                           years)  
  Developed           $             76,567    $  (19,366            )    $             57,201                 5.9  
  technology                                                                                                       
  IPR&D technology                   8,500       —                                      8,500                 5.3  
  Customer                          14,100       (5,633             )                   8,467                 4.0  
  relationships                                                                                                    
  Tradename                         20,400       (966               )                  19,434                 9.8  
  Patents                            4,076       (460               )                   3,616                14.0  
  Intangible          $            123,643    $  (26,425            )    $             97,218                 6.6  
  assets                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                            As of December                                                                         
                                  31, 2020                                                                         
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                            Gross Carrying       Accumulated                     Net Carrying    Weighted-Average  
                                    Amount       Amortization                          Amount    Useful Lives (in  
                                                                                                           years)  
  Developed           $             62,367    $  (13,439            )    $             48,928                 5.9  
  technology                                                                                                       
  Customer                          13,400       (3,908             )                   9,492                 4.0  
  relationships                                                                                                    
  Tradename                            400       (400               )                       —                 0.5  
  Patents                            4,076       (315               )                   3,761                14.0  
  Intangible          $             80,243    $  (18,062            )    $             62,181                 6.0  
  assets                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
The Company recorded expenses of $ million and $ million for amortization of intangible assets during the three
months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company recorded expenses of $ million and $ million for
amortization of intangible assets during the six months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During the
three and six months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded amortization of developed technology in
Cost of revenue, platform, Cost of revenue, player and Research and development expenses, recorded amortization of
customer relationships and tradenames in Sales and marketing expenses, and recorded amortization of patents in
General and administrative expenses in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.
As of June 30, 2021, the estimated future amortization expense for intangible assets for the next five years and
thereafter is as follows (in thousands):
                                          
  Year Ending December 31,                
  2021 (remaining 6 months)        9,291  
 ──────────────────────────────────────── 
  2022                            19,897  
  2023                            19,219  
  2024                            16,427  
  2025                            14,724  
  Thereafter                      17,660  
  Total                        $  97,218  
                                          
                                                        11                                                         
6. Balance sheet components
Accounts Receivable, net:
                                                                                       
                                                  As of                                
                                          June 30, 2021          December 31, 2020     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Gross accounts receivable            $        611,936       $            565,088     
  Allowance for sales returns                    (4,515  )                  (5,912  )  
  Allowance for sales incentives                (16,640  )                 (30,838  )  
  Allowance for doubtful accounts                (3,082  )                  (4,181  )  
  Other allowances                                 (218  )                    (305  )  
  Total allowances                              (24,455  )                 (41,236  )  
  Total accounts receivable, net of    $        587,481       $            523,852     
  allowances                                                                           
                                                                                       
Property and Equipment, net:Property and equipment, net consists of the following (in thousands):
                                                                                       
                                                  As of                                
                                          June 30, 2021          December 31, 2020     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Computers and equipment              $         34,600       $             30,859     
  Leasehold improvements                        156,664                    144,013     
  Website and internal-use software               7,319                      6,744     
  Office equipment and furniture                 19,903                     19,661     
  Total property and equipment                  218,486                    201,277     
  Accumulated depreciation and                  (57,942  )                 (46,080  )  
  amortization                                                                         
  Property and equipment, net          $        160,544       $            155,197     
                                                                                       
Depreciation and amortization expense, for property and equipment assets, for the three months ended June 30, 2021
and 2020 was $ million and $million, respectively. Depreciation and amortization expense, for property and
equipment assets, for the six months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 was $ million and $million, respectively.
Accrued Liabilities:Accrued liabilities consists of the following (in thousands):
                                                                                    
                                                     As of                          
                                             June 30, 2021       December 31, 2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Payments due to content publishers      $        146,930    $            106,576  
  Accrued cost of revenue                          102,442                  98,285  
  Marketing, retail and merchandising               23,586                  43,645  
  costs                                                                             
  Operating lease liability, current                34,007                  35,647  
  Content liability, current                        25,210                   6,165  
  Accrued payroll and related expenses              31,644                  15,675  
  Other accrued expenses                            59,434                  41,675  
  Total accrued liabilities               $        423,253    $            347,668  
                                                                                    
Deferred Revenue:Deferred revenue consists of the following (in thousands):
                                                                                   
                                                    As of                          
                                            June 30, 2021       December 31, 2020  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Platform, current                      $         22,953    $             27,587  
  Player, current                                  25,282                  27,878  
  Total deferred revenue, current                  48,235                  55,465  
  Platform, non-current                            10,674                   9,909  
  Player, non-current                              12,475                  11,374  
  Total deferred revenue, non-current              23,149                  21,283  
  Total deferred revenue                 $         71,384    $             76,748  
                                                                                   
                                                        12                                                         
7. Content Assets
The Company classifies its content assets as Other non-current assets. The Company records amortization expense for
licensed content based on the pattern of monetization of such content which is primarily straight-line. The Company
amortizes produced content over the applicable content life cycle based upon the ratio of current period revenue to
the estimated total gross revenues to be earned. Licensed and produced content assets are primarily monetized
together as a unit, referred to as a film group. The film group is evaluated for impairment whenever an event
occurs or circumstances change indicating the fair value is less than the carrying value. The Company reviews
various qualitative factors and indicators to assess whether the group asset is impaired.
Content assets, net consisted of the following (in thousands):
                                                                                        
                                                         As of                          
                                                 June 30, 2021       December 31, 2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Licensed content, net                       $         88,160    $              7,907  
  Produced content, net                                                                 
  Released, less amortization                           20,930                       —  
  In production                                          4,369                       —  
                                                        25,299                       —  
  Total licensed and produced content, net    $        113,459    $              7,907  
                                                                                        
On January 8, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with the mobile-first video distribution service known as
Quibi to acquire certain content rights. The transaction was accounted for as an asset acquisition. As discussed in
Note 4, the Company also acquired content assets as part of the This Old House acquisition. During the six months
ended June 30, 2021, the increase of $ million in content assets was primarily driven by content acquired from
Quibi and This Old House.
The following table represents the amortization of content assets (in thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                                Three Months Ended                           Six Months Ended                      
                                     June 30, 2021       June 30, 2020          June 30, 2021       June 30, 2020  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Licensed content           $              15,855    $          6,059    $            25,471    $         12,182  
  Produced content                           2,420                   —                  2,622                   —  
  Total amortization         $              18,275    $          6,059    $            28,093    $         12,182  
  costs(1)                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
8. FAIR VALUE
The Company’s financial assets measured at fair value are as follows (in thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                                As of June 30, 2021                       As of December 31, 2020                  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                         Fair Value         Level 1                    Fair Value         Level 1  
  Assets:                                                                                                          
  Cash and cash                                                                                                    
  equivalents:                                                                                                     
  Cash                       $            1,811,478    $  1,811,478    $                1,021,022    $  1,021,022  
  Money market funds                        271,795         271,795                        71,793          71,793  
  Restricted cash,                                —               —                           434             434  
  current                                                                                                          
  Restricted cash,                            1,460           1,460                             —               —  
  non-current                                                                                                      
  Total assets measured                                                                                            
  and recorded at            $            2,084,733    $  2,084,733    $                1,093,249    $  1,093,249  
  fair value                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                        13                                                         
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the
principal market (or most advantageous market, in the absence of a principal market) for the asset or liability in
an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Further, the Company maximizes the use
of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs in measuring fair value and utilizes a three-
level fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value. The three levels of inputs used
to measure fair value are as follows:

Level 1—Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Financial assets and liabilities measured using Level 1 inputs include cash equivalents, accounts receivable,
prepaid expenses, accounts payable and accrued liabilities.

The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original or remaining maturity of 90 days or
less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. The Company measured money market funds of $ million and $
million as cash equivalents as of June 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively, using Level 1 inputs.

Level 2—Observable inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1, including quoted prices for similar
assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets
that are not active; and inputs other than quoted prices that are observable or are derived principally from, or
corroborated by, observable market data by correlation or other means.

The Company did not have Level 2 instruments on June 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020.

Level 3—Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity, are significant to the fair value
of the assets or liabilities and reflect the Company’s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants
would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances.

The Company did not have Level 3 instruments on June 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020.

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis

Non-financial assets such as goodwill, intangible assets, property, plant, and equipment, operating lease right-of-
use (“ROU”) assets and licensed content assets are evaluated for impairment and adjusted to fair value using Level
3 inputs, only when impairment is recognized. There were no indicators of impairment that required a fair value
analysis during the three and six months ended June 30, 2021. The impairments for operating right-of-use assets
recorded by the Company for the year ended December 31, 2020 were not material.
9. LEASES
The Company has entered into operating leases primarily for office real estate. The leases have remaining terms
ranging from to and may include options to extend or terminate the lease. The depreciable life of ROU assets is
limited by the expected lease term.
The components of lease expense are as follows (in thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                                Three Months Ended                           Six Months Ended                      
                                     June 30, 2021       June 30, 2020          June 30, 2021       June 30, 2020  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Operating lease cost(1)    $              11,381    $          9,691    $            21,647    $         21,908  
  Variable lease cost                        4,541               3,331                  7,493               5,529  
  Net operating lease        $              15,922    $         13,022    $            29,140    $         27,437  
  cost                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                        14                                                         
Supplemental cash flow information related to leases is as follows (in thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                                Three Months Ended                           Six Months Ended                      
                                     June 30, 2021       June 30, 2020          June 30, 2021       June 30, 2020  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash paid for amounts                                                                                            
  included in the                                                                                                  
  measurement of lease                                                                                             
  liabilities:                                                                                                     
  Operating cash outflows                                                                                          
  from operating             $              11,755    $          5,733    $            27,979    $         15,184  
  leases                                                                                                           
  Right-of-use assets                                                                                              
  obtained in exchange                                                                                             
  for lease obligations:                                                                                           
  Operating leases           $              41,038    $          3,566    $            46,536    $          2,771  
                                                                                                                   
Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases is as follows (in thousands, except lease term and
discount rate):
                                                                                            
                                                       As of                                
                                               June 30, 2021          December 31, 2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Operating lease right-of-use assets       $        298,949       $            266,197     
  Operating lease liability, current        $         34,007       $             35,647     
  (included in accrued liabilities)                                                         
  Operating lease liability, non-current             336,948                    307,936     
  Total operating lease liability           $        370,955       $            343,583     
  Weighted-average remaining lease term:                                                    
  Operating leases (in years)                            8.8                       9.05     
  Weighted-average discount rate:                                                           
  Operating leases                                      4.33  %                    4.60  %  
                                                                                            
Future lease payments under operating leases as of June 30, 2021 are as follows (in thousands):
                                                               
  Year Ending December 31,                Operating Leases     
  2021 (remaining 6 months)                         23,604     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  2022                                              49,456     
  2023                                              53,703     
  2024                                              52,637     
  2025                                              52,403     
  Thereafter                                       241,637     
  Total future lease payments                      473,440     
  Less: imputed interest                           (81,286  )  
  Less: expected tenant improvement                (21,199  )  
  allowance                                                    
  Total                                $           370,955     
                                                               
As of June 30, 2021, the Company’s commitment relating to operating leases that have not yet commenced was $
million. These operating leaseswillcommence in fiscal year 2021 with lease terms of approximately .
10. DEBT
The Company’s outstanding debt as of June 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020 is as follows (in thousands, except
interest rates):
                                                                                                                   
                                      As of                                                                        
                              June 30, 2021                              December 31, 2020                         
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                     Amount           Effective                     Amount           Effective     
                                                  Interest Rate                                  Interest Rate     
  Term Loan A Facility     $         92,500                2.02  %    $             95,000                2.03  %  
  Less: Debt issuance                  (195  )                                        (258  )                      
  costs                                                                                                            
  Net carrying amount      $         92,305                           $             94,742                         
  of debt                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
The carrying amount of debt approximates fair value due to its variable interest rates.
                                                        15                                                         
Interest expense, associated with the Term Loan A Facility,forthethree months endedJune30,2021and
2020was$0.5million and $million, respectively, andforthe six months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020was $1.1million and
$1.5million, respectively.

Senior Secured Term Loan A and Revolving Credit Facilities

On February 19, 2019 (the “Original Closing Date”), the Company entered into a Credit Agreement (the “Existing
Credit Agreement”) with Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. On May 3, 2019 (the “Closing Date”), the Existing
Credit Agreement was amended pursuant to an Incremental Assumption and Amendment No. 1 (the “Amendment” and the
Existing Credit Agreement as amended by the Amendment, the “Credit Agreement”). On the Original Closing Date, the
Company terminated the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement that it entered into with Silicon Valley
Bank in November 2014.

The Credit Agreement provides for (i) a four-year revolving credit facility in the aggregate principal amount of up
to $ million (the “Revolving Credit Facility”), (ii) a four-year delayed draw term loan A facility in the aggregate
principal amount of up to $ million (the “Term Loan A Facility”) and (iii) an uncommitted incremental facility,
subject to the satisfaction of certain financial and other conditions, in the amount of up to (v) $ million, plus
(w) , plus (x) an additional amount at the Company’s discretion, so long as, on a pro forma basis at the time of
incurrence, the Company’s secured leverage ratio does not exceed to 1.00, plus (y) voluntary prepayments of the
Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan A Facility to the extent accompanied by concurrent reductions to the
applicable Credit Facility(together with the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan A Facility, collectively,
the “Credit Facility”).

On November 18, 2019, the Company borrowed an aggregate principal amount of $ million from the Term Loan A
facility. On March 24, 2020, the Company borrowed the available balance of $ million from the Revolving Credit
Facility. For both borrowings, the Company elected an interest rate equal to the adjusted one-month LIBOR rate plus
an applicable margin of % based on the Company’s secured leverage ratio.

The Revolving Credit Facility may be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed until the fourth anniversary of the Original
Closing Date in , at which time all outstanding balances of the Revolving Credit Facility are due to be repaid.

The Company had outstanding letters of credit against the Revolving Credit Facility of $ million as of June 30,
2021 and December 31, 2020.

The Company’s obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by substantially all of its assets. In the future,
certain of its direct and indirect subsidiaries may be required to guarantee the Credit Agreement. The Company may
prepay, and in certain circumstances would be required to prepay, loans under the Credit Agreement without payment
of a premium. The Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, customary affirmative and
negative covenants, a financial covenant that is tested quarterly and requires the Company to maintain a certain
adjusted quick ratio of at least to 1.00, and customary events of default.

As of June 30, 2021, the Company was in compliance with all of the covenants of the Credit Agreement.
11. STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Preferred Stock
The Company has million shares of undesignated preferred stock authorized but not issued with rights and
preferences determined by the Company’s Board of Directors at the time of issuance of such shares. As of June 30,
2021 and December 31, 2020, there were shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding.
                                                        16                                                         
Common Stock

The Company has classes of authorized common stock, Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Holders of Class
A common stock are entitled to of Class A common stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders and
holders of Class B common stock are entitled to of Class B common stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of
stockholders. Except with respect to voting, the rights of the holders of Class A and Class B common stock are
identical. Shares of Class B common stock are voluntarily convertible into shares of Class A common stock at the
option of the holder and are generally automatically converted into shares of the Company's Class A common stock
upon sale or transfer. Shares issued in connection with exercises of stock options, vesting of restricted stock
units, or shares purchased under the employee stock purchase plan are generally automatically converted into shares
of the Company’s Class A common stock.

At-the-Market Offering

On March 2, 2021, the Company entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement with Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC,
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Evercore Group L.L.C., as its sales agents, pursuant to which the Company could
offer and sell from time-to-time shares of its Class A common stock for aggregate gross proceeds of up to $
1,000.0million. In March 2021, the Company sold approximately 2.6million shares of Class A common stock at an
average selling price of $ 379.26per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of $ 1,000.0million and incurred issuance
costs of $ 10.4million.

Common Stock Reserved for Future Issuance
As of June 30, 2021, the Company had reserved shares of common stock for issuance as follows (in thousands):
                                                                             
                                                        As of June 30, 2021  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Common stock awards granted under equity incentive                 10,611  
  plans                                                                      
  Common stock awards available for issuance under                    5,089  
  the 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan(1)                                   
  Common stock awards available for issuance under                   27,698  
  the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan                                             
  Total reserved shares of common stock                              43,398  
                                                                             
Equity Incentive Plans

The Company has equity incentive plans, the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2008 Plan”) and the 2017 Equity
Incentive Plan (the “2017 Plan”). The 2017 Plan became effective September 2017 in connection with the Company’s
initial public offering (“IPO”). No additional equity grants have been made pursuant to the 2008 Plan subsequent to
the IPO. The 2017 Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options to the Company’s employees and for the
grant of non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit
awards, performance stock awards, performance cash awards, and other forms of equity compensation to the Company’s
employees, directors and consultants.

Restricted stock units granted under the 2017 Plan are subject to continuous service. Stock options granted under
the 2017 Plan generally are granted at a price per share equivalent to the fair market value on the date of grant.
Recipients of option grants who possess more than % of the combined voting power of the Company are subject to
certain limitations, and incentive stock options granted to such recipients are at a price per share no less than %
of the fair market value on the date of grant.

Restricted Stock Units
The following table summarizes the Company’s restricted stock unit activities for the six months ended June 30,
2021 (in thousands, except per share data):
                                                                          
                                                        Weighted-Average  
                                     Number of           Grant Date Fair  
                                        Shares           Value per Share  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance as of December 31, 2020        4,355       $             92.91  
  Awarded                                  306                    353.72  
  Released                                (806  )                  74.62  
  Forfeited                               (188  )                 113.42  
  Balance as of June 30, 2021            3,667       $            117.65  
                                                                          
                                                        17                                                         
As of June 30, 2021, the Company had $ million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested
restricted stock units that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years.

Stock Options
The following table summarizes the Company’s stock option activities for the six months ended June 30, 2021(in
thousands, except years and per share data):
                                                                                                           
                                                                                Weighted-                  
                                                                Weighted-         Average                  
                                                                  Average       Remaining       Aggregate  
                                             Number of           Exercise     Contractual       Intrinsic  
                                                Shares              Price    Life (Years)           Value  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance as of December 31, 2020                8,733       $      26.19             5.7                  
  Granted                                           67             357.60               —                  
  Exercised                                     (1,852  )            5.55               —                  
  Forfeited and expired                             (4  )            7.56               —                  
  Balance as of June 30, 2021                    6,944       $      34.89             5.7    $  2,946,586  
  Options exercisable as of June 30, 2021        5,108       $      10.77             4.9    $  2,290,669  
                                                                                                           
As of June 30, 2021, the Company had $ million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested
stock options that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years.

Stock-Based Compensation

The Company measures the cost of employee services received in exchange for an equity award based on the grant date
fair value of the award. Generally, stock options granted to employees under the 2008 Plan vest % after and have a
term of . Stock options granted to employees under the 2017 Plan generally vest over one to and have a term of .
Restricted stock units generally vest over years. For the three and six months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, the
amount of stock-based compensation capitalized as part of internal-use software was not material.
The following table shows the total stock-based compensation expense for the three and six months ended June 30,
2021 and 2020 (in thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                                Three Months Ended                           Six Months Ended                      
                                     June 30, 2021       June 30, 2020          June 30, 2021       June 30, 2020  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cost of platform           $                 167    $            232    $               365    $            443  
  revenue                                                                                                          
  Cost of player revenue                       315                 310                    730                 648  
  Research and                              18,577              13,348                 35,131              26,603  
  development                                                                                                      
  Sales and marketing                       14,275               9,615                 27,638              19,672  
  General and                                9,212               6,531                 19,219              13,075  
  administrative                                                                                                   
  Total stock-based          $              42,546    $         30,036    $            83,083    $         60,441  
  compensation                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
12. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Manufacturing Purchase Commitments
The Company has various manufacturing contracts with vendors in the conduct of the normal course of its business.
In order to manage future demand for its products, the Company enters into agreements with manufacturers and
suppliers to procure inventory based upon certain criteria and timing. Some of these commitments are non-
cancelable. As of June 30, 2021, the Company had $ million of purchase commitments for inventory.
                                                        18                                                         
Licensed Content Commitments

As of June 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the Company recognized a liability of $ million and $ million in Accrued
liabilities, respectively, and $ million and $ million in Other long-term liabilities, respectively, for licensed
content that is available for streaming. In connection with the acquisition of certain content rights during the
quarter ended March 31, 2021, the Company assumed liabilities related to certain costs of the development and use
of certain assets that had been incurred but not paid at the time assumed. Escrow arrangements were put in place
such that selling shareholders will cover such costs. Accordingly, the Company recognized both an indemnification
asset and liability of $ million, respectively, as of March 31, 2021. During the three months ended June 30, 2021,
$ million of both the indemnification asset and liability were released related to payments made for a portion of
the liabilities assumed. The remaining indemnification balance is $ million as of June 30, 2021, with the
indemnification asset recorded as part of Prepaid expenses and other current assets and the indemnification
liability recorded as part of Accrued liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheet.

The Company also enters into contracts with content publishers to acquire content or to buy ad inventory in the
future. As of June 30, 2021, the Company had $ million in commitments with contentpublishers that are non-
cancelable. These commitments include both content that is available for streaming and is recognized as liabilities
as well as content that is not yet available for streaming or ad inventories not yet purchased.

Letters of Credit

As of June 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the Company had irrevocable letters of credit outstanding in the amount
of $ million and $ million, respectively, related to facilities leases. The letters of credit have various
expiration dates through .

Contingencies

The Company accrues for loss contingencies, including liabilities for intellectual property licensing claims, when
it believes such losses are probable and reasonably estimable.These contingencies are reviewed at least quarterly
and adjusted to reflect the impact of negotiations, estimated settlements, legal rulings, advice of legal counsel
and other information and events. The resolution of these contingencies and of other legal proceedings can be,
however, inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties.

From time to time, the Company is subject to legal proceedings, claims, and investigations in the ordinary course
of business, including claims relating to employee relations, business practices and patent infringement. The
Company is involved in litigation matters not listed herein. Although the results of these proceedings, claims, and
investigations cannot be predicted with certainty, the Company does not believe that the final outcome of any
matters that it is currently involved in are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on its business,
financial condition, or results of operations.

Indemnification

In the ordinary course of business, the Company has entered into contractual arrangements which provide
indemnification provisions of varying scope and terms to business partners and other parties with respect to
certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of the Company’s breach of such agreements and
out of intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties.The Company’s obligations under these
agreements may be limited in terms of time or amount, and in some instances, the Company may have recourse against
third parties for certain payments. In addition, the Company has entered into indemnification agreements with its
directors and certain of its officers that will require it, among other things, to indemnify them against certain
liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers.

It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount under these indemnification obligations due to the
limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each agreement.
To date, the Company has not incurred any material costs as a result of such obligations and has not accrued any
liabilities related to such obligations in the condensed consolidated financial statements.
                                                        19                                                         
13. INCOME TAXES
Income tax benefit was $ million and $ million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2021, respectively. The
income tax benefit for the three and six months ended June 30, 2021 was primarily attributable to the mix of
earnings and increased losses in foreign jurisdictions with differing statutory rates, a tax rate change in a
foreign jurisdiction, and non-U.S. tax benefits associated with the Company's non-U.S. operations.
Income tax provision was $ million and $ million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2020, respectively.
The income tax expense for the three and six months ended June 30, 2020 was primarily attributable to foreign
operations.
A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax assets will
not be realized through future operations. As a result of the Company’s analysis of all available objective
evidence, both positive and negative, as of June 30, 2021, management believes it is more likely than not that the
deferred tax assets will not be fully realizable. Accordingly, the Company has provided a full valuation allowance
against its deferred tax assets with the exception of deferred tax assets related to foreign entities in Brazil,
Canada, China, Denmark, India, Netherlands, Taiwan and the United Kingdom.
The primary difference between the effective tax rate and the statutory tax rate relates to stock-based
compensation excess tax benefits and the valuation allowance on the Company’s U.S. losses.
14. NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE
The Company’s basic net income (loss) per share is calculated by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted-
average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period. The Company uses the two-class method to
calculate net income (loss) per share. Except with respect to certain voting, conversion and transfer rights and as
otherwise expressly provided in the Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation or required by
applicable law, shares of the Company’s Class A common stock and Class B common stock have the same rights and
privileges and rank equally, share ratably and are identical in all respects as to all matters. Accordingly, basic
and diluted net income (loss) per share are the same for both classes. For purposes of the calculation of diluted
net income (loss) per share, options to purchase common stock, restricted stock units and unvested shares of common
stock issued upon the early exercise of stock options are considered common stock equivalents. Dilutive shares of
common stock are determined by applying the treasury stock method. The dilutive shares are excluded from the
calculation of diluted net loss per share in the period of net loss, as their effect is antidilutive.
The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per share (in thousands, except
per share data):
                                                                                                                   
                          Three Months Ended                              Six Months Ended                         
                               June 30, 2021       June 30, 2020             June 30, 2021       June 30, 2020     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Numerator:                                                                                                       
  Net income (loss)    $              73,467    $        (43,148  )    $           149,763    $        (97,760  )  
  Denominator:                                                                                                     
  Weighted-average                                                                                                 
  common shares                      132,705             122,614                   131,198             121,397     
  outstanding —                                                                                                    
  basic                                                                                                            
  Net income (loss)    $                0.55    $          (0.35  )    $              1.14    $          (0.81  )  
  per share — basic                                                                                                
  Weighted-average                                                                                                 
  common shares                      132,705             122,614                   131,198             121,397     
  outstanding —                                                                                                    
  basic                                                                                                            
  Common stock                         9,417                   —                    10,036                   —     
  equivalents                                                                                                      
  Weighted-average                                                                                                 
  common shares                      142,122             122,614                   141,234             121,397     
  outstanding —                                                                                                    
  diluted                                                                                                          
  Net income (loss)                                                                                                
  per share —          $                0.52    $          (0.35  )    $              1.06    $          (0.81  )  
  diluted                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                        20                                                         
Common stock equivalents excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per share or excluded from the
calculation of diluted net loss per share because of their anti-dilutive effect are as follows (in thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                                         Three Months Ended                     Six Months Ended                   
                                              June 30, 2021    June 30, 2020       June 30, 2021    June 30, 2020  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Restricted stock units and stock                      125           14,365                 125           14,365  
  options                                                                                                          
  Unvested shares of common stock                                                                                  
  issued                                                  —                9                   —                9  
  upon early exercise of stock                                                                                     
  options                                                                                                          
  Total                                                 125           14,374                 125           14,374  
                                                                                                                   
15. SEGMENT INFORMATION
The Company is organized into reportable segments as follows:
Platform
Consists of revenue generated from sale of digital advertising, content distribution services, subscription and
transaction revenue share including Premium Subscriptions, sale of branded buttons on remote controls and licensing
arrangements with service operators and TV brands.
Player
Consists of revenue generated from sale of streaming players, audio products and accessories through retailers and
distributors, as well as directly to customers through the Company’s website.
Customers accounting for 10% or more of segment revenue are as follows:
                                                                                                                   
                             Three Months Ended                           Six Months Ended                         
                                  June 30, 2021       June 30, 2020          June 30, 2021       June 30, 2020     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Platform segment                                                                                                 
  revenue:                                                                                                         
  Customer H                                  *                  15  %                  11  %               14  %  
  Player segment revenue:                                                                                          
  Customer A                                  *                   *                     10  %               11  %  
  Customer B                                 20  %               18  %                  22  %               16  %  
  Customer C                                 36  %               38  %                  37  %               42  %  
                                                                                                                   
* Less than %.
Revenue in international markets was less than % in each of the periods presented above. Substantially all of the
Company’s assets were held in the United States as of June 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020.
                                                        21                                                         
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations                  │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in
conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with our audited consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed on February 26, 2021, with the SEC (the “Annual Report”).
                                                                                                                   
   Overview                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
We operate in two revenue segments: the platform segment and the player segment. Platform revenue is generated from
the sale of digital advertising and related services, content distribution services, subscription and transaction
revenue shares, Premium Subscriptions, billing services, sale of branded channel buttons on remote controls and
licensing arrangements with service operators and TV brands.

Player revenue is generated primarily from the sale of streaming players. We expect to continue to manage the
average selling prices (“ASP”) of our streaming players to increase our active accounts. As a result, player
revenues may not increase as they have historically. We expect that the tradeoff from player gross profit to grow
active accounts will result in increased platform monetization and gross profit.
                                                                                                                   
  COVID-19 Update                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
The widespread global impact from the outbreak and spread of the novel strain of coronavirus referred to as
COVID-19, which was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization in March 2020, continued through the end
of the second quarter of 2021. Precautionary measures to slow down the spread of the virus that were put in place
by governmental authorities have eased in many locations but have been reinstated in other geographies. We continue
to have the majority of our workforce work from home to protect the health and safety of our employees, and
business travel has been severely curtailed.The COVID-19 pandemic, and the resulting precautionary measures, have
caused, and are expected to continue to cause, economic uncertainty both in the United States and globally as well
as significant volatility in, and disruption to, financial markets.

The COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated the shift of TV viewing away from traditional TV to streaming TV. During the
three months ended June 30, 2021, we continued to see an increase in the number of active accounts, but the growth
rate was slower than in the prior year period because of the spike in the number of active accounts in the second
quarter of 2020 caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Active accounts increased to 55.1 million as of June 30, 2021,
growing 28% year-over-year. Although streaming hours grew 19% year-over-year, in the three months ended June 30,
2021 streaming hours decreased to 17.4 billion hours. We believe the sequential decrease in streaming hours from
the first quarter to the second quarter of 2021 resulted from consumers seeking increased out-of-home entertainment
activities (such as dining and travel) during the second quarter of 2021 as a result of pent-up demand and the
loosening of COVID-19 restrictions.

Our platform revenue continued to perform well, year-over-year growing 117% for the three months ended June 30,
2021. We believe advertising budgets will continue to shift from traditional TV to streaming TV and that we will
benefit from this shift due to our advanced advertising capabilities. Major content publishers have continued to
reorganize around streaming and as a result, our content distribution business has benefited as our active accounts
growth was accompanied by continued consumer demand for ad-supported viewing, subscription services and premium
movie rentals. While we have experienced an increase in TV streaming during the COVID-19 pandemic and our business
generally has benefited, there can be no assurance that these patterns will continue throughout the remainder of
2021. With our exceptional performance during the second half of 2020, some of our year-over-year comparisons in
2021 may be volatile.

We have largely been able to maintain an inventory of our players, audio products and accessories in stock at
retailers and online stores throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. However, like many manufacturers, we have been
negatively affected by the constraints in the global supply chain of certain components as well as shipping
constraints. While consumer demand for our players and our OEM partners’ Roku TV models has been strong during the
COVID-19 pandemic, there can be no assurance that these patterns will continue throughout the remainder of 2021.

In 2020, we closely monitored and decreased our operating expenses to mitigate the uncertainties caused by the
COVID-19 pandemic. We now expect to make sequential increases in operating expenses to support our growth and
extend our competitive advantages. This is expected to have an impact on our results of operations.
                                                        22                                                         
                                                                                                                   
  Key Performance Metrics                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
The key performance metrics we use to evaluate our business, measure our performance, develop financial forecasts
and make strategic decisions are gross profit, active accounts, streaming hours, and Average Revenue per User
(“ARPU”).
                                                                                                                   
  Gross Profit                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
We use gross profit as the primary metric to measure the performance of our business because we have two revenue
segments that have different margin profiles, and we aim to maximize our higher margin platform revenue from our
active accounts as they stream content on our platform. Substantially all of our gross profit is generated from our
platform segment.

Our gross profit was $338.3 million and $665.0 million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2021,
respectively, and $146.8 million and $287.9 million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2020, respectively.
                                                                                                                   
  Active Accounts                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
We believe that the number of active accounts is a relevant measure to gauge the size of our user base. We define
active accounts as the number of distinct user accounts that have streamed content on our platform within the last
30 days of the period. Users who streamed content from The Roku Channel only on non-Roku platforms are not included
in this metric. The number of active accounts also does not correspond to the number of unique individuals who
actively utilize our platform, or the number of devices associated with an account. For example, a single account
may be used by more than one individual, such as a family, and one account may be used on multiple streaming
devices.

We had 55.1 million and 43.0 million active accounts as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
                                                                                                                   
  Hours Streamed                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
We believe the number of streaming hours on our platform is an effective measure of user engagement and that the
growth in the number of hours of content streamed across our platform reflects our success in addressing the
growing user demand for TV streaming. We define streaming hours as the aggregate amount of time streaming devices
stream content on our platform in a given period. Hours streamed from The Roku Channel on non-Roku platforms are
not included in this metric. We report streaming hours on a calendar basis.

Additionally, we believe that over time, increasing user engagement on our streaming platform increases our
platform monetization because we earn platform revenue from various forms of user engagement, including
advertising, revenue shares from subscriptions and transactional video on-demand. However, our revenue from content
publishers is not tied to the hours streamed on their streaming channels, and the number of streaming hours does
not correlate to revenue earned from such content publishers or ARPU on a period-by-period basis. Moreover,
streaming hours on our platform are measured whenever a Roku player or a Roku TV is streaming content, whether a
viewer is actively watching or not. For example, if a Roku player is connected to a TV, and the viewer turns off
the TV, steps away or falls asleep and does not stop or pause the player, then the particular streaming channel may
continue to play content for a period of time determined by the streaming channel. We believe that this also occurs
across a wide variety of non-Roku streaming devices and other set-top boxes.

Since the first quarter of 2020, all of our devices include a Roku OS feature that is designed to identify when
content has been continuously streaming on a channel for an extended period of time without user interaction. This
feature, which we refer to as “Are you still watching,” periodically prompts the user to confirm that they are
still watching the selected channel and closes the channel if the user does not respond affirmatively. We believe
that the implementation of this feature across the Roku platform benefits us, our customers, channel partners and
advertisers. Some of our leading channel partners, including Netflix, also have implemented similar features within
their channels. This Roku OS feature supplements these channel features. This feature has not had and is not
expected to have a material impact on our future financial performance.

We streamed 17.4 billion and 14.6 billion hours during the three months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
                                                        23                                                         
                                                                                                                   
  Note About Our Streaming Hours Adjustments                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
To calculate and report our streaming hours, we utilize data from event logs generated by the firmware running on
the Roku devices that are recorded in a central database. The event information (play, pause, stop, time counts,
etc.) is generated by the firmware running on the Roku streaming devices, and event data is transmitted to our
central database at regular intervals when a device is connected to the internet. Pause time is not intended to be
included in streaming hours.

During the second quarter of 2020 we discovered that some pause time was inadvertently included in the streaming
hours information recorded in our central database. Upon discovering these errors in the log data, we promptly
reviewed and analyzed the issue utilizing our firmware, data engineering and core analytics teams. We concluded
that certain past Roku OS releases inadvertently caused the logging errors. The error rates varied over time and
across different types of devices and firmware versions. As a result, we reported higher streaming hours and
streaming hours growth rates for the affected periods than we would have if all pause time had been excluded from
streaming hours as we had intended. Neither these logging errors, nor the resulting adjustments that we made to our
streaming hours calculations, has had any impact on our financial results, and do not require us to revise any of
our previously reported key operating metrics other than streaming hours.

The affected log data was for the periods from February 2016 to August 2020. After adjusting for logging errors, we
estimate that our streaming hours were, on average, approximately 0.5% lower than previously reported for the
period January 2017 through September 2018, and approximately 5.8% lower for the period October 2018 through March
2020.

By the end of August 2020, we fully deployed a software update that addressed the root cause of the pause time
logging errors and prevented them from continuing.

The roll out of the “Are you still watching” feature had no impact on the adjustments we made to our streaming
hours calculations. While our revenue from content publishers is not based on the hours streamed on their streaming
channels, and the number of streaming hours does not directly correlate to revenue earned from such content
publishers or ARPU on a period-by-period basis, we believe that the growth in the number of hours of content
streamed across our platform reflects our success in addressing the growing user demand for TV streaming. After
adjusting our streaming hours as discussed above, our estimated year-over-year streaming hour growth rates for
fiscal year 2018 versus fiscal year 2017, fiscal year 2019 versus fiscal year 2018 and the first quarter of 2020
versus the first quarter of 2019 were 60.5%, 59.3% and 46.8%, respectively. The estimated year-over-year streaming
hour growth rate for the second quarter of 2020 versus the second quarter of 2019 was 65%.

The following table presents the estimated impacts on streaming hours (in billions) for periods from January 1,
2017 through March 31, 2020 and streaming hours growth rates on a year-over-year (“YoY”) basis by quarter for
periods from January 1, 2018 through March 31, 2020 and annually for fiscal year 2018 and 2019. Revised streaming
hours for 2016 are not estimated and therefore revised 2017 YoY growth rates are not available.
                                                                                
  Quarter  Published SHs  Revised SHs  SHs % Delta  Published YoY  Revised YoY  
  2017 Q1  3.3B           3.2B         -0.5%        63.4%          NA           
  2017 Q2  3.5B           3.5B         -0.4%        60.0%          NA           
  2017 Q3  3.8B           3.8B         -0.4%        57.8%          NA           
  2017 Q4  4.3B           4.3B         -0.2%        55.3%          NA           
  2018 Q1  5.1B           5.1B         -0.5%        56.0%          56.1%        
  2018 Q2  5.5B           5.4B         -0.5%        57.2%          57.0%        
  2018 Q3  6.2B           6.1B         -0.7%        62.7%          62.1%        
  2018 Q4  7.3B           7.1B         -2.2%        68.6%          65.2%        
  2019 Q1  8.9B           8.4B         -5.4%        74.1%          65.5%        
  2019 Q2  9.4B           8.8B         -6.0%        72.1%          62.6%        
  2019 Q3  10.3B          9.6B         -6.5%        67.6%          57.9%        
  2019 Q4  11.7B          10.9B        -6.3%        60.2%          53.7%        
  2020 Q1  13.2B          12.3B        -7.0%        49.3%          46.8%        
  Year     Published SHs  Revised SHs  SHs % Delta  Published YoY  Revised YoY  
  2017     14.8B          14.8B        -0.4%        58.8%          NA           
  2018     24.0B          23.7B        -1.1%        61.7%          60.5%        
  2019     40.3B          37.8B        -6.1%        67.8%          59.3%        
                                                                                
                                                        24                                                         
                                                                                                                   
  Average Revenue per User                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
We measure our platform monetization progress with ARPU, which we believe represents the inherent value of our
business. We define ARPU as our platform revenue for the trailing four quarters divided by the average of the
number of active accounts at the end of the current period and the end of the corresponding period in the prior
year. ARPU measures the rate at which we are monetizing our active account base and the progress of our platform
business.

ARPU was $36.46 as of June 30, 2021as compared to $24.92 as of June 30, 2020.
                                                                                                                   
   Components of Results of Operations                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Revenue                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Platform Revenue                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
We generate platform revenue from advertising sales and related services, subscription and transaction revenue
sharing arrangements with partners, the sale of Premium Subscription services, sales of branded channel buttons on
remote controls and licensing arrangements with service operators. Our first-party video ad inventory includes The
Roku Channel, native display ads on our home screen and screen saver as well as ad inventory we obtain through our
content distribution agreements with publishers. To supplement supply, we re-sell video inventory that we purchase
from content publishers and, to a lesser extent, directly sell third-party inventory on a revenue share basis. To
date, we have generated most of our platform revenue in the United States.
                                                                                                                   
  Player Revenue                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
We generate player revenue primarily from the sale of streaming players through consumer retail distribution
channels, including major brick and mortar retailers, such as Best Buy and Walmart, and online retailers, including
Amazon. We generate most of our player revenue in the United States. In our international markets, we primarily
sell our players through wholesale distributors which, in turn, re-sell to retailers. We currently distribute our
players in Canada, the United Kingdom, France, the Republic of Ireland, Mexico, Brazil and several other Latin
American countries.

Player revenue also includes the sale of our audio products, including wireless speakers, smart soundbars and
wireless subwoofers.
                                                                                                                   
  Cost of Revenue                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Cost of Platform Revenue                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
Cost of platform revenue consists of costs associated with arrangements with content partners and publishers,
including advertising inventory and content or programming licensing fees, as well as amortization of content
assets. Cost of platform revenue also includes payment processing fees, allocated expenses associated with the
delivery of our services including, salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation for our partner and customer
support teams, third-party cloud services and amortization of acquired developed technology.
                                                                                                                   
  Cost of Player Revenue                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
Cost of player revenue is comprised mostly of player manufacturing costs payable to our third-party contract
manufacturers and technology licenses or royalty fees. Cost of player revenue also includes inbound and outbound
freight, duty and logistics costs, third-party packaging and allocated overhead costs related to facilities and
customer support, and salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation for operations personnel.
                                                                                                                   
  Operating and Other Expenses                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Research and Development                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including salaries, benefits and
stock-based compensation for our development teams as well as outsourced development fees. In addition, research
and development expenses include allocated facilities and overhead costs. We expect research and development
expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in the development of our platform, player and TV
products, advertising products and other platform services.
                                                        25                                                         
                                                                                                                   
  Sales and Marketing                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including salaries, benefits,
commissions and stock-based compensation for our employees engaged in sales and sales support, marketing,
communications, data science and analytics, business development, product management and partner and customer
support functions. Sales and marketing expenses also include marketing, retail and merchandising costs and
allocated facilities and overhead expenses. We expect sales and marketing expenses to increase in absolute dollars
in future periods as we focus on growing active accounts, platform and player revenues, and expanding our business
internationally.
                                                                                                                   
  General and Administrative                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation for our
executive, finance, legal, information technology, human resources and other administrative personnel. General and
administrative expenses also include outside legal, accounting and other professional service fees as well as
allocated facility expenses. We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase due to the expansion of
our business and related infrastructure.
                                                                                                                   
  Other Income (Expense), Net                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
For the three and six months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, other income (expense), net consists of interest income
on cash and cash equivalents, income recognized related to noncash consideration associated with the delivery of
services as part of a strategic commercial arrangement, interest expense that primarily includes interest on our
Credit Facility and amortization of deferred debt costs, foreign currency re-measurement and transaction gains and
losses.
                                                                                                                   
  Income Tax (Benefit) Expense                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Our income tax (benefit) expense consists primarily of income taxes in certain foreign jurisdictions where we
conduct business and state income taxes in the United States. We have a valuation allowance for U.S. deferred tax
assets, including net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits related primarily to research and development.
We expect to maintain this valuation allowance for the foreseeable future.
                                                        26                                                         
                                                                                                                   
   Results of Operations                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
The following table sets forth our results of operations as a percentage of net revenue.
                                                                                                                   
                          Three Months Ended                             Six Months Ended                          
                               June 30, 2021        June 30, 2020           June 30, 2021       June 30, 2020      
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net Revenue:                                                                                                     
  Platform                                83  %                69  %                   82  %               71  %   
  Player                                  17  %                31  %                   18  %               29  %   
  Total net revenue                      100  %               100  %                  100  %              100  %   
  Cost of Revenue:                                                                                                 
  Platform                                29  %                30  %                   28  %               31  %   
  Player                                  19  %                29  %                   17  %               26  %   
  Total cost of                           48  %                59  %                   45  %               57  %   
  revenue                                                                                                          
  Gross Profit:                                                                                                    
  Platform                                54  %                39  %                   54  %               40  %   
  Player                                  (2  )%                2  %                    1  %                3  %   
  Total gross profit                      52  %                41  %                   55  %               43  %   
  Operating Expenses:                                                                                              
  Research and                            18  %                24  %                   18  %               26  %   
  development                                                                                                      
  Sales and marketing                     14  %                18  %                   15  %               20  %   
  General and                             10  %                11  %                   10  %               12  %   
  administrative                                                                                                   
  Total operating                         42  %                53  %                   43  %               58  %   
  expenses                                                                                                         
  Income (Loss) from                      10  %               (12  )%                  12  %              (15  )%  
  Operations                                                                                                       
  Other Income                                                                                                     
  (Expense), Net:                                                                                                  
  Interest expense                         —  %                 —  %                    —  %               (1  )%  
  Other income                             —  %                 —  %                    —  %                —  %   
  (expense), net                                                                                                   
  Total other income                       —  %                 —  %                    —  %               (1  )%  
  (expense), net                                                                                                   
  Income (Loss) Before                    10  %               (12  )%                  12  %              (16  )%  
  Income Taxes                                                                                                     
  Income tax (benefit)                    (1  )%                —  %                    —  %                —  %   
  expense                                                                                                          
  Net Income (Loss)                        9  %               (12  )%                  12  %              (16  )%  
                                                                                                                   
Comparison of Three and Six Months Ended June 31, 2021 and June 31, 2020
                                                                                                                   
  Net Revenue                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
               Three                                                 Six                                           
              Months                                              Months                                           
               Ended                                               Ended                                           
                June         June                                   June          June                             
                 30,          30,       Change    Change             30,           30,       Change     Change     
                2021         2020            $         %            2021          2020            $          %     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (in                                                                                                              
  thou…                                                                                                            
  exce…                                                                                                            
  perc…                                                                                                            
  Plat…    $  532,3…    $  244,7…    $  287,5…       117  %    $  998,8…    $  477,334    $  521,4…        109  %  
  Play…       112,8…       111,2…        1,520         1  %       220,4…       199,505       20,968         11  %  
  Total                                                                                                            
  net      $  645,1…    $  356,0…    $  289,0…        81  %    $  1,219…    $  676,839    $  542,4…         80  %  
  reve…                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
Platform

Platform revenue increased by $287.5 million, or 117%, and $521.5 million, or 109%, during thethree and six months
ended June 30, 2021 ascompared to the three and six months ended June 30, 2020, respectively.The increases are
primarily attributable to higher advertising revenues and higher content distribution and related transactional
revenues, including from Premium Subscriptions.
                                                        27                                                         
Player

Player revenue increased by $1.5 million, or 1%, during the three months ended June 30, 2021 as compared to the
three months ended June 30, 2020, primarily due to increased revenues from the sale of audio products and
accessories offset by a decrease in thevolume of streaming players sold. During the three months ended June 30,
2021, the volume of streaming players sold decreased 1% and the average selling price of players decreased 2% as
compared to the three months ended June 30, 2020. We believe the decrease in the volume of players sold can be
attributed to the COVID-19 pandemic which contributed to a spike in units sold in the second quarter of 2020 and
resulted in less growth in the second quarter of 2021 as compared to the prior year.

Player revenue increased by $21.0 million, or 11%, during the six months ended June 30, 2021 as compared to the six
months ended June 30,2020, primarily due to an increase in the volume of streaming players sold in addition to
increased revenues from the sale of audio products and accessories.During the six months ended June 30, 2021, the
volume of streaming players sold increased 6% as compared to the six months ended June 30, 2020 offset by a 2%
decrease in the average selling price of players. The increase in the volume of players sold was the result of a
stronger first quarter of 2021 compared to the second quarter of 2021. We believe the overall slowdown in growth,
compared to fiscal year 2020, can be attributed to the COVID-19 pandemic which contributed to a spike in units sold
in the first half of 2020 and resulted in less growth in the first half of 2021.
                                                                                                                   
  Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
             Three                                                    Six                                          
             Mont…                                                  Mont…                                          
             Ended                                                  Ended                                          
              June           June                                    June        June                              
               30,            30,       Chan…       Chan…             30,         30,       Chan…       Chan…      
              2021           2020           $           %            2021        2020           $           %      
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (in                                                                                                              
  tho…                                                                                                             
  exc…                                                                                                             
  per…                                                                                                             
  Cost                                                                                                             
  of                                                                                                               
  rev…                                                                                                             
  Pla…    $  187,…       $  106,…    $  81,0…          76  %     $  341,…    $  208,…    $  133,…          64  %   
  Pla…       119,…          102,…       16,6…          16  %        212,…       180,…       31,7…          18  %   
  Tot…                                                                                                             
  cost    $  306,…       $  209,…    $  97,6…          47  %     $  554,…    $  388,…    $  165,…          43  %   
  of                                                                                                               
  rev…                                                                                                             
  Gro…                                                                                                             
  pro…                                                                                                             
  Pla…    $  344,…       $  138,…    $  206,…         149  %     $  656,…    $  269,…    $  387,…         144  %   
  Pla…       (6,7…  )       8,383       (15,…  )     (180  )%       8,126       18,8…       (10,…  )      (57  )%  
  Tot…                                                                                                             
  gro…    $  338,…       $  146,…    $  191,…         130  %     $  665,…    $  287,…    $  377,…         131  %   
  pro…                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
Platform

The cost of platform revenue increased by $81.0 million, or 76%, during the three months ended June 30, 2021 as
compared to the three months ended June 30, 2020. This increase is primarily driven by higher advertising related
costs including inventory acquisition costs, in addition to higher content licensing fees, programming fees and
credit card processing fees totaling $78.5 million, and an increase in allocated personnel and operational overhead
costs of $1.9 million.

The cost of platform revenue increased by $133.7 million, or 64%, during the six months ended June 30, 2021 as
compared to the six months ended June 30, 2020. This increase is primarily driven by higher advertising related
costs including inventory acquisition costs, in addition to higher content licensing fees, programming fees and
credit card processing fees totaling $130.3 million, and an increase in allocated personnel and operational
overhead costs of $3.6 million.

Gross profit for platform revenue increased by $206.5 million, or 149%, and $387.8 million, or 144%, during the
three and six months ended June 30, 2021 as compared to the three and six months ended June 30, 2020, respectively,
primarily driven by the overall growth in our platform revenues.

Player

The cost of player revenue increased by $16.6 million, or 16%, during the three months ended June 30, 2021 as
compared to the three months ended June 30, 2020. The increase is primarily due to higher product costs of $9.1
million, an increase in inventory reserves of $8.9 million, an increase in allocated personnel of $2.3 million, and
higher royalty expense of $0.4 million offset by a reduction in overhead costs of $4.1 million.
                                                        28                                                         
The cost of player revenue increased by $31.7million, or 18%, during the six months ended June 30,2021as compared
to the six months ended June 30, 2020. The increase isprimarily due tohigher product costs of $25.2million,an
increase in inventory reserves of $7.1 million,an increase in allocated personnel of $3.8 million,andhigher royalty
expense of $2.8million offset byareduction in overhead costs of $7.1million.

Gross profit for player revenue decreased by $15.1 million, or 180%, and $10.7 million, or 57%, during the three
and six months ended June 30, 2021 as compared to the three and six months ended June 30, 2020, respectively,
driven primarily by higher direct manufacturing costs for player products and accessories as a result of
constraints in the global supply chain caused by the continuing COVID-19 pandemic.
                                                                                                                   
  Operating Expenses                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
               Three                                                 Six                                           
              Months                                              Months                                           
               Ended                                               Ended                                           
                June         June                                   June          June                             
                 30,          30,       Change    Change             30,           30,       Change     Change     
                2021         2020            $         %            2021          2020            $          %     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (in                                                                                                              
  thou…                                                                                                            
  exce…                                                                                                            
  perc…                                                                                                            
  Rese…                                                                                                            
  and      $  113,2…    $  84,387    $  28,889        34  %    $  214,8…    $  172,665    $  42,192         24  %  
  deve…                                                                                                            
  Sales                                                                                                            
  and         93,678       64,164       29,514        46  %       182,5…       132,412       50,139         38  %  
  mark…                                                                                                            
  Gene…                                                                                                            
  and         62,228       40,494       21,734        54  %       122,7…        80,234       42,505         53  %  
  admi…                                                                                                            
  Total                                                                                                            
  oper…    $  269,1…    $  189,0…    $  80,137        42  %    $  520,1…    $  385,311    $  134,8…         35  %  
  expe…                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
Research and Development

Research and development expenses increased by $28.9 million, or 34%,during the three months ended June 30, 2021 as
compared to the three months ended June 30, 2020. The increase is primarily due to increases in personnel-related
costs of $20.2 million as a result of increased engineering headcount and related stock-based compensation and
higher professional service and consulting fees of $10.0 million offset by higher allocations of overhead costs to
Cost of revenue, platform and player of $2.7 million.

Research and development expenses increased by $42.2 million, or 24%,during the six months ended June 30, 2021 as
compared to the six months ended June 30, 2020. The increase is primarily due to increases in personnel-related
costs of $34.2 million as a result of increased engineering headcount and related stock-based compensation and
higher professional service and consulting fees of $14.5 million offset by higher allocations of overhead costs to
Cost of revenue, platform and player of $5.2 million, and lower travel expenses of $1.2 million due to the
continuing COVID-19 pandemic.

Sales and Marketing

Sales and marketing expenses increased by $29.5 million, or 46%,during the three months ended June 30, 2021 as
compared to the three months ended June 30, 2020. The increase is primarily due to increases in personnel-related
costs of $20.4 million related to increased headcount and related stock-based compensation in sales and sales
support, product management, marketing and business analytics to support efforts to grow our business. Other sales
and marketing expenses include an increase of $3.7 million mainly due to increases in marketing, retail and
merchandising costs, an increase in facilities costs of $2.9 million due to expansion of office spaces and an
increase of $1.8 million in professional service and consulting fees.

Sales and marketing expenses increased by $50.1 million, or 38%,during the six months ended June 30, 2021 as
compared to the six months ended June 30, 2020. The increase is primarily due to increases in personnel-related
costs of $33.1 million related to increased headcount and related stock-based compensation in sales and sales
support, product management, marketing and business analytics to support efforts to grow our business. Other sales
and marketing expenses include an increase of $14.5 million mainly due to increases in marketing, retail and
merchandising costs, an increase in facilities costs of $2.1 million due to expansion of office spaces and an
increase of $1.7 million in professional service and consulting fees offset by a decrease in travel expenses of
$1.8 million due to the continuing COVID-19 pandemic.

General and Administrative

General and administrative expenses increased by $21.7 million, or 54%,during the three months ended June 30, 2021
as compared to the three months ended June 30, 2020. The increase is primarily due to increases in personnel-
related costs of $11.1 million related to increased headcount and related stock-based compensation and an increase
of $8.5 million related to higher legal, consulting and professional service fees.
                                                        29                                                         
General and administrative expenses increased by $42.5million, or 53%,during the six months ended June 30,2021as
compared to the six months ended June 30, 2020. The increase is primarily due to increases in personnel-related
costs of $24.2million related to increased headcount and related stock-based compensation and an increase of
$18.8million related to higher legal,consultingand professional service fees.
                                                                                                                   
  Other Income (Expense), Net                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
             Three                                                  Six                                            
             Mont…                                                 Mon…                                            
             Ended                                                 End…                                            
              June           June                                  June           June                             
               30,            30,          Cha…    Chan…            30,            30,          Cha…    Chan…      
              2021           2020             $        %           2021           2020             $        %      
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (in                                                                                                              
  tho…                                                                                                             
  exc…                                                                                                             
  per…                                                                                                             
  Int…    $   (746  )    $  (1,0…  )    $   288      (28  )%    $  (1,…  )    $  (1,8…  )    $   409      (22  )%  
  exp…                                                                                                             
  Oth…                                                                                                             
  inc…       1,520            557           963      173  %        1,9…          1,818           143        8  %   
  (ex…                                                                                                             
  net                                                                                                              
  Tot…                                                                                                             
  oth…                                                                                                             
  inc…    $    774       $   (477  )    $  1,2…     (262  )%    $   473       $    (79  )    $   552     (699  )%  
  (ex…                                                                                                             
  net                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
Total other income (expense), net, increased by $1.3 millionduring the three months ended June 30, 2021 as compared
to the three months ended June 30, 2020. The increase was primarily driven by $0.8 million of other income
recognized related to noncash consideration associated with the delivery of services for a strategic commercial
arrangement and decreased interest expense of $0.3 million, including amortization of deferred debt costs, due to a
lower level of borrowings under ourTerm Loan A Facility.

Total other income (expense), net, increased by $0.6 millionduring the six months ended June 30, 2021 as compared
to the six months ended June 30, 2020. The increase was primarily driven by favorable foreign exchange of $1.0
million mainly related to the British Pound Sterling,$0.8 million of other income recognized related to noncash
consideration associated with the delivery of services for a strategic commercial arrangement, anddecreased
interest expense of $0.4 million. This was offset by lower interest income of $2.0 million from a significant drop
in interest rates, which impacted our investment yields.
                                                                                                                   
  Income Tax (Benefit) Expense                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
             Three                                                 Six                                             
             Mont…                                                 Mon…                                            
             Ended                                                 End…                                            
             June            June                                  June           June                             
             30,              30,       Cha…       Chan…           30,             30,       Cha…       Chan…      
             2021            2020       $          %               2021           2020       $          %          
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (in                                                                                                              
  tho…                                                                                                             
  exc…                                                                                                             
  per…                                                                                                             
  Inc…                                                                                                             
  tax     $  (3,6…  )    $    462    $  (4,…  )    (881   )%    $  (4,…  )    $    307    $  (4,…  )    (1533  )%  
  (be…                                                                                                             
  exp…                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
Income tax (benefit) expense increased by $4.1 million and $4.7 million during the three and six months ended June
30, 2021 as compared to the three and six months ended June 30, 2020, respectively, and was driven primarily by
stock-based compensation excess tax benefits, increased losses in foreign jurisdiction with no valuation allowance,
and a tax rate change in a foreign jurisdiction.
                                                                                                                   
   Liquidity and Capital Resources                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
As of June 30, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of $2,083.3 million. Approximately 1% of our cash was held
outside the United States in accounts held by our foreign subsidiaries which are used to fund foreign operations.

Our primary sources of cash are receipts from platform and player revenue and proceeds from equity sales including
equity issued pursuant to our employee stock option plans. The primary uses of cash are costs of revenue including
third party manufacturing costs, costs to acquire advertising inventory, content and programming license fees as
well as operating expenses including payroll-related expenses, consulting and professional service fees, and
facility and marketing expenses. Other uses of cash include purchases of property and equipment and mergers and
acquisitions.

We have multi-year lease agreements for office space and have incurred material facility and building expenses. We
expect to continue to incur expenses for facility and building related costs at our office locations in the United
States and internationally. As our business and workforce continue to expand, we expect additional ongoing
purchases of computer systems and other investments in property and equipment. In addition, we have pursued merger
and acquisition activities, such as the acquisition of the Nielsen AVA business, the This Old House business and
content rights from Quibi, and we may pursue additional merger and acquisition activities in the future, including
the acquisition of rights to programming and content assets, that could materially impact our liquidity and capital
resources.
                                                        30                                                         
We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, cash flow from operations, and our undrawn available balance
under our Credit Facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements for at least the next twelve
months. Our future capital requirements, the adequacy of available funds, and cash flows from operations could be
affected by various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those detailed in Part II, Item 1A,
Risk Factorsand the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic.While the pandemic has not severely impacted our liquidity and
capital resources to date, it has contributed to disruption and volatility in local economies and in capital and
credit markets which could adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources in the future.

We may attempt to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities or other financing arrangements.
If we raise additional funds by issuing equity, the ownership of our existing stockholders will be diluted. Our
Credit Agreement expires in February 2023. If we raise additional financing by the incurrence of additional
indebtedness, we may be subject to fixed payment obligations and also to restrictive covenants.
                                                                                                                   
  At-the-Market Offering                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
On March 2, 2021, we entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement with Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Citigroup Global
Markets Inc. and Evercore Group L.L.C., as our sales agents, pursuant to which we could offer and sell from time-
to-time shares of our Class A common stock for aggregate gross proceeds of up to $1,000.0 million. In March 2021,
we sold approximately 2.6 million shares of Class A common stock at an average selling price of $379.26 per share,
for aggregate gross proceeds of $1,000.0 million and incurred issuance costs of $10.4 million.

Senior Secured Term Loan A and Revolving Credit Facilities

On February 19, 2019, we entered into a Credit Agreement (the “Existing Credit Agreement”) with Morgan Stanley
Senior Funding, Inc. On May 3, 2019, the Existing Credit Agreement was amended pursuant to an Incremental
Assumption and Amendment No. 1 (the “Amendment” and the Existing Credit Agreement as amended by the Amendment, the
“Credit Agreement”).

The Credit Agreement provides for (i) a four-year revolving credit facility in the aggregate principal amount of up
to $100.0 million (the “Revolving Credit Facility”), (ii) a four-year delayed draw term loan A facility in the
aggregate principal amount of up to $100.0 million (the “Term Loan A Facility”) and (iii) an uncommitted
incremental facility, subject to the satisfaction of certain financial and other conditions, in the amount of up to
(v) $50.0 million, plus (w) 1.0x of our consolidated EBITDA for the most recently completed four fiscal quarter
period, plus (x) an additional amount at our discretion, so long as, on a pro forma basis at the time of
incurrence, our secured leverage ratio does not exceed 1.50 to 1.00, plus (y) voluntary prepayments of the
Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan A Facility to the extent accompanied by concurrent reductions to the
applicable Credit Facility (together with the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan A Facility, collectively,
the “Credit Facility”).

For our current borrowings, we have elected a Eurodollar borrowing with interest at a rate equal to the adjusted
one-month LIBOR rate plus an applicable margin of 1.75% based on our secured leverage ratio. The borrowings under
the facility mature or have to repaid in full by February 2023. Our obligations under the Credit Agreement are
secured by substantially all of our assets. The Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties,
customary affirmative and negative covenants, a financial covenant that is tested quarterly and requires us to
maintain a certain adjusted quick ratio of at least 1.00 to 1.00, and customary events of default.As of June 30,
2021, we were in compliance with all of the covenants of the Credit Agreement. See Note 10 to the condensed
consolidated financial statements in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional details regarding
the Credit Agreement.

We had outstanding letters of credit of $30.8 million as of June 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020 against the
Revolving Credit Facility.
                                                        31                                                         
                                                                                                                   
  Cash Flows                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented (in thousands):
                                                                                            
                                                Six Months Ended                            
                                                   June 30, 2021          June 30, 2020     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                                     
  Data:                                                                                     
  Cash flows provided by operating           $           144,760       $         80,096     
  activities                                                                                
  Cash flows used in investing activities               (150,676  )             (63,051  )  
  Cash flows provided by financing                       997,400                352,986     
  activities                                                                                
                                                                                            
Operating Activities

Our operating activities provided cash of $144.8 million for the six months ended June 30, 2021. Our net income of
$149.8 million for the six months ended June 30, 2021 was adjusted by noncash charges of $144.5 million comprised
mainly of $83.1 million of stock-based compensation, $28.1 million of amortization of content assets, $20.4 million
of depreciation and amortization primarily on property and equipment and intangible assets, and $14.0 million of
amortization of right-of-use assets. The changes in our operating assets and liabilities used cash of $149.5
million mainly from an increase in other non-current assets of $72.2 million due to an increase in content
assets,an increase in accounts receivable of $56.7 million as a result of increased revenue,an increase in prepaid
expenses of $30.2 million due to an increase in contract assets primarily driven by the overall growth of platform
revenue combined with the timing of billing which falls into a subsequent period, a decrease in operating lease
liabilities of $18.4 million on account of contractual lease payments and a decrease in deferred revenue of $10.3
million due to the timing of revenue recognition. These outflows were offset by inflows of $16.4 million from an
increase in accounts payable due to timing of payments and increased developer payables,$16.5 million from an
increase in accrued liabilities mainly due to an increase in payables to content publishers and payroll accruals,
and $5.9 million from a decrease in inventory levels.

Our operating activities provided cash of $80.1 million for the six months ended June 30, 2020. Our net loss of
$97.8 million for the six months ended June 30, 2020 was adjusted by noncash charges of $109.6 million comprised
mainly of $60.4 million of stock-based compensation, $17.2 million of depreciation and amortization primarily on
property and equipment and intangible assets, $15.9 million of amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets,
$12.2 million of amortization of content assets and $3.5 million of provision for doubtful accounts. The changes in
our operating assets and liabilities provided cash of $68.2 million comprised of inflows of $21.4 million from a
decrease in accounts receivable as a result of higher collections in the first quarter of 2020 from holiday revenue
recorded in 2019, $12.7 million from an increase in operating lease liabilities, $20.8 million from an increase in
accounts payable due to timing of payments, $6.3 million from an increase in accrued liabilities due to increased
developer payables and overall growth in the volume of business, $4.7 million from a decrease in inventory
balances, $6.0 million from an increase in deferred revenue, and $2.1 million from a decrease in other non-current
assets. These inflows were partially offset by cash outflows of $5.2 million from an increase in prepaid expenses
and other current assets due to an increase in prepaid capital expenditure for new facilities, and $0.6 million
from a decrease in other long-term liabilities.

Investing Activities

Our investing activities for the six months ended June 30, 2021 included cash outflows of $150.7 million comprised
of $136.8 million for the acquisition of businesses, mainly the Nielsen AVA business and This Old House, and $13.9
million for purchases of property and equipment and expenditures on leasehold improvements.

Our investing activities used cash of $63.1 million for the six months ended June 30, 2020. The cash used was
primarily comprised of $64.1 million for the purchase of property and equipment, of which the majority related to
expenditures on leasehold improvements related to expanding our facilities and other capital investments. These
outflows were partially offset by $1.1 million of cash received from proceeds from the resolution of purchase
acquisition contingencies.

Financing Activities

Our financing activities provided cash of $997.4 million for the six months ended June 30, 2021. The cash was
received mainly from proceeds from an at-the-market offering of $989.6 million, net of issuance costs and proceeds
from the exercise of employee stock options of $10.3 million. These inflows were offset by $2.5 million of
repayments made on borrowings.
                                                        32                                                         
Our financing activities provided cash of $353.0 million for the six months ended June 30, 2020. The cash was
received mainly from net proceeds from an at-the-market offeringof$349.6 million, net ofissuancecosts, proceeds
from borrowingsof$69.3 million and proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options of $5.9 million. These
inflows were partially offset by $71.8 million of repayments made on the Revolving Credit Facility.
                                                                                                                   
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
During the periods presented, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined by applicable SEC
rules and regulations.
                                                                                                                   
  Contractual Obligations                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
Our future minimum payments under our noncancelable contractual obligations are as follows as of June 30, 2021 (in
thousands):
                                                                                                                   
                               Payments Due by Period       Less Than         1 – 3         3 – 5       More Than  
                                                Total          1 Year         Years         Years         5 Years  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Term Loan A               $                  92,500    $      7,500    $   85,000    $        —    $          —  
  Facility(1)                                                                                                      
  Purchase                                    260,481         260,481             —             —               —  
  commitments(2)                                                                                                   
  Operating lease                             473,440          47,915       105,302       104,962         215,261  
  obligations(3)                                                                                                   
  Other obligations(4)                        176,560          98,809        53,052        22,959           1,740  
  Total                     $               1,002,981    $    414,705    $  243,354    $  127,921    $    217,001  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
       Represents the principal amount of the Term Loan A Facility. For additional information regarding the       
  (1)  terms of the debt and interest payable, see Note 10 to the condensed consolidated financial statements in   
       Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.                                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  (2)  Represents commitments to purchase finished goods from our contract manufacturers and other                 
       inventory-related items.                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
                                                                         
  (3)  Represents future minimum lease payments under operating leases.  
                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
  (4)  Represents commitments included in other non-cancelable arrangements such as content licensing,             
       advertising buys and other platform services.                                                               
                                                                                                                   
We rely on outsourced suppliers to manufacture, assemble and test our players and audio devices. Consistent with
industry practices, we enter into firm, noncancelable, and unconditional purchase commitments to acquire products
through a combination of purchase orders, supplier contracts, and open orders based on projected demand
information. Our contract manufacturers source components and build our products based on these demand forecasts.
Changes to projected demand or in the subsequent sales mix of our products, may result in us being committed to
purchase excess inventory to satisfy these commitments.

The contractual commitment amounts in the table above are associated with agreements that are enforceable and
legally binding. Obligations under contracts that we can cancel without a significant penalty are not included in
the table above.
                                                                                                                   
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and related disclosures. These estimates and assumptions
are affected by management’s application of accounting policies, as well as uncertainty in the current economic
environment due to the continuing COVID-19 pandemic. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis.
There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates as compared to the critical
accounting policies and estimates described in our Annual Report.
                                                        33                                                         
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk                                             │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                                                                   
  Interest Rate Fluctuation Risk                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
Our exposure to interest rate risk relates to the interest income generated by cash and cash equivalents, and
interest expense on the Credit Facility. The primary objective of our investment policy is to preserve principal
while maximizing income without significantly increasing risk. We do not believe that an increase or decrease in
interest rates of 100 basis points would have a material effect on ouroperating results or financial condition. As
of June 30, 2021, borrowings under the Term Loan A Facility totaled $92.5 million with an effective interest rate
of 2.02%. If the amount outstanding under our Term Loan A Facility remains at this level for an entire year and
interest rates increased or decreased by 100 basis points, our annual interest expense would increase or decrease,
respectively, by an additional $0.9 million.
                                                                                                                   
  Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
During the six months ended June 30, 2021 there were no material changes to our foreign currency exchange rate risk
disclosures as set forth under the heading “Item 7A – Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk,”
in Part II of our Annual Report.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 4. Controls and Procedures                                                                                │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                                                                   
   Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures                                                                
                                                                                                                   
Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, has
evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.Based on such
evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the
period covered by this quarterly report, our disclosure controls and procedures were, in design and operation,
effective at a reasonable assurance level.

Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. Any controls and
procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the
desired control objective and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit
relationship of possible controls and procedures.
                                                                                                                   
   Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting                                                            
                                                                                                                   
There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation
required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended June 30, 2021
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting.
                                                        34                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                             PART II—OTHER INFORMATION                                             
                                                                                                                   
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 1. Legal Proceedings                                                                                      │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
We are currently involved in, and may in the future be involved in, legal proceedings, claims, and investigations
in the ordinary course of our business, including claims for infringing patents, copyrights or other intellectual
property rights related to our platform and products, or the content distributed through our platform by us or
third-party channel developers. Although the results of these proceedings, claims, and investigations cannot be
predicted with certainty, we do not believe that the final outcome of any matters that we are currently involved in
are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of
operations. Regardless of final outcomes, however, any such proceedings, claims, and investigations may nonetheless
impose a significant burden on management and employees and may come with expensive attorney fees or unfavorable
preliminary and interim rulings.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 1A. Risk Factors                                                                                          │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Our business involves significant risks, some of which are described below. You should carefully consider the risks
and uncertainties described below, together with all the other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q,
including “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the condensed
consolidated financial statements and the related notes. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our
business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, revenue, and future prospects could be seriously
harmed. In addition, you should consider the interrelationship and compounding effects of two or more risks
occurring simultaneously. Unless otherwise indicated, references to our business being harmed in these risk factors
will include harm to our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, revenue, and future
prospects. In that event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or
all of your investment. You should not interpret our disclosure of any of the following risks to imply that such
risks have not already materialized.The risks facing our business have not changed substantively from those
discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 26, 2021 except for those risks marked
with an asterisk (*).
                                                                                                                   
  Risk Factors Summary                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
Below is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our Class A common stock speculative or
risky:
                                                                                                                   
   Risks Related to Our Business and Industry                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                           
  •  the highly competitive nature of the TV streaming industry that is rapidly evolving;  
                                                                                           
                                                      
  •  our ability to monetize our streaming platform;  
                                                      
                                                                                                           
  •  our ability to attract advertisers and advertising agencies to our demand-side advertising platform;  
                                                                                                           
                                                                                 
  •  our ability to develop relationships with TV brands and service operators;  
                                                                                 
                                                                                             
  •  our ability to establish and maintain relationships with important content publishers;  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                
  •  popular or new content publishers not publishing their content on our streaming platform;  
                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
  •  maintaining an adequate supply of quality video ad inventory on our platform and selling the available        
     supply;                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                           
  •  content publishers electing not to participate in platform features that we develop;  
                                                                                           
                                                                                                                  
  •  irrelevant or unengaging advertising, marketing campaigns or other promotional advertising on our platform;  
                                                                                                                  
                                                                                  
  •  our ability to attract users to and generate revenue from The Roku Channel;  
                                                                                  
                                                                           
  •  users signing up for offerings and services outside of our platform;  
                                                                           
                                                                                                    
  •  the evolution of our industry and the impact of many factors that are outside of our control;  
                                                                                                    
                                          
  •  changes in consumer viewing habits;  
                                          
                                                                                              
  •  our and our Roku TV brand partners’ reliance on retail sales channels to sell products;  
                                                                                              
                                                                                          
  •  our ability to build a strong brand and maintain customer satisfaction and loyalty;  
                                                                                          
                                                                              
  •  advertiser and/or advertising agency delayed payment or failure to pay;  
                                                                              
                                                    
  •  maintaining adequate customer support levels;  
                                                    
                                                                                              
  •  our ability to manage streaming device and other product introductions and transitions;  
                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
  •  our and our Roku TV brand partners’ reliance on contract manufacturers and limited manufacturing              
     capabilities;                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                           
  •  our ability to forecast manufacturing requirements and manage our supply chain and inventory levels;  
                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
  •  decreased availability or increased costs for materials and components used in the manufacturing of our       
     players and Roku TV models;                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                       
  •  our ability to obtain key components from sole source suppliers;  
                                                                       
                                                                                                              
  •  interoperability of our streaming devices with content publishers’ offerings, technologies and systems;  
                                                                                                              
                                                                                                    
  •  detecting hardware errors or software bugs in our products before they are released to users;  
                                                                                                    
                                                        35                                                         
                                                                                                       
  •  component manufacturing, design or other defects that render our devices permanently inoperable;  
                                                                                                       
                                                                                    
  •  our ability to obtain necessary or desirable third-party technology licenses;  
                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
   Risks Related to Operating and Growing Our Business                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                       
  •  our history of operating losses;  
                                       
                                                                                                 
  •  volatility of our quarterly operating results that could cause our stock price to decline;  
                                                                                                 
                                        
  •  our ability to manage our growth;  
                                        
                                                                       
  •  our ability to successfully expand our international operations;  
                                                                       
                                                                                  
  •  seasonality of our business and its impact on our revenue and gross profit;  
                                                                                  
                                                                      
  •  attracting and retaining key personnel and managing succession;  
                                                                      
                                                                                                  
  •  maintaining systems that can support our growth, business arrangements and financial rules;  
                                                                                                  
                                                                                                           
  •  our ability to successfully complete acquisitions and investments and integrate acquired businesses;  
                                                                                                           
                                                                               
  •  our ability to comply with the terms of our outstanding credit facility;  
                                                                               
                                                                                                             
  •  our ability to secure funds to meet our financial obligations and support our planned business growth;  
                                                                                                             
Risks Related to Cybersecurity, Reliability and Data Privacy
                                                                                           
  •  significant disruptions of information technology systems or data security breaches;  
                                                                                           
                                                                                            
  •  legal obligations and potential liability related to our users’ personal information;  
                                                                                            
                                                                                                   
  •  our actual or perceived failure to adequately protect personal and confidential information;  
                                                                                                   
                                                                                                      
  •  disruptions in computer systems or other services that result in a degradation of our platform;  
                                                                                                      
                                                                                      
  •  changes in how network operators manage data that travel across their networks;  
                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
  Risks Related to Intellectual Property                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                  
  •  litigation resulting in the loss of important intellectual property rights;  
                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
  •  failure or inability to protect or enforce our intellectual property or proprietary rights;  
                                                                                                  
                                       
  •  our use of open source software;  
                                       
                                                                                                                   
  •  our agreements to indemnify certain of our partners if our technology is alleged to infringe on               
     third-parties’ intellectual property rights;                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
                                                                              
  •  the current and future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business;  
                                                                              
                                                      
  •  natural disasters or other catastrophic events;  
                                                      
                                                                                                                   
  Legal and Regulatory Risks                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                        
  •  enactment of or changes to government regulation or laws related to our business;  
                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
  •  changes in general economic conditions, geopolitical conditions, and/or U.S. or foreign trade and sanctions   
     policies that impact our business;                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •  U.S. or international rules (or absence of rules) that permit ISPs to degrade users’ internet service speeds  
     or limit internet data consumption by users;                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                     
  •  changes to current or future laws, regulations or government actions that impact our partners;  
                                                                                                     
                                                                                                            
  •  liability for content that is distributed through or advertising that is served through our platform;  
                                                                                                            
                                                                                    
  •  our ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting;  
                                                                                    
                                                      
  •  the impact of changes in accounting principles;  
                                                      
                                                                                                                  
  •  compliance with laws and regulations related to the collection of indirect taxes and payment of income tax;  
                                                                                                                  
                                                               
  •  changes to U.S. or foreign taxation laws or regulations;  
                                                               
                                                            
  •  regulatory inquiries, investigations and proceedings;  
                                                            
Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock
                                                            
  •  the dual class structure of our Class A common stock;  
                                                            
                                                                       
  •  the volatility in the trading price of our Class A common stock;  
                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
  •  potential dilution or a decline in our stock price caused by future sales or issuance of our capital stock    
     or rights to purchase capital stock;                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                     
  •  a decline in our stock prices caused by future sales by existing stockholders;  
                                                                                     
                                                                       
  •  dependency on favorable securities and industry analyst reports;  
                                                                       
                                                                                                            
  •  the significant legal, accounting and other expenses associated with being a publicly-traded company;  
                                                                                                            
                                                                       
  •  the absence of dividends on our Class A or Class B common stock;  
                                                                       
                                                        36                                                         
                                                   
  •  anti-takeover provisions in our charter; and  
                                                   
                                                                                                                   
     the limitations resulting from our selection of the Delaware Court of Chancery and the federal district       
  •  courts of the United States as the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our         
     stockholders.                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
   Risks Related to Our Business and Industry                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
TV streaming is highly competitive and many companies, including large technology companies, content owners and
aggregators, TV brands and service operators, are actively focusing on this industry. If we fail to differentiate
ourselves and compete successfully with these companies, it will be difficult for us to attract and retain users
and our business will be harmed.*

TV streaming is highly competitive and global. Our success depends in part on attracting and retaining users on,
and effective monetization of, our streaming platform. To attract and retain users, we need to be able to respond
efficiently to changes in consumer tastes and preferences and to offer our users access to the content they love on
terms that they accept. Effective monetization requires us to continue to update the features and functionality of
our streaming platform for users, content publishers and advertisers. We also must effectively support popular
sources of streaming content that are available on our platform, such as Amazon Prime Video, Disney+, Discovery+,
HBO Max, Hulu, Paramount+, Peacock, Netflix and YouTube. And we must respond rapidly to actual and anticipated
market trends in the TV streaming industry.

Companies such as Amazon, Apple and Google offer TV streaming devices that compete with our streaming players. In
addition, Google licenses its Android operating system software for integration into smart TVs and service provider
set-top boxes, and Amazon licenses its operating system software for integration into smart TVs. These companies
have greater financial resources than we do and can subsidize the cost of their streaming devices in order to
promote their other products and services, which could make it harder for us to acquire new users, retain existing
users and increase streaming hours. These companies could also implement standards or technology that are not
compatible with our products or that provide a better streaming experience. These companies also promote their
brands through traditional forms of advertising, such as TV commercials, as well as digital advertising or website
product placement, and have greater resources to devote to such efforts than we do.

In addition, many TV brands offer their own TV streaming solutions within their TVs. Other devices, such as game
consoles, also incorporate TV streaming functionality.

Similarly, some service operators offer TV streaming applications as part of their cable service plans and can
leverage their existing consumer bases, installation networks, broadband delivery networks and name recognition to
gain traction in the TV streaming market. If consumers of TV streaming content prefer alternative products to our
streaming players and our partners' Roku TV models, we may not be able to achieve our expected growth in active
accounts, streaming hours, revenue, gross profit or ARPU.

We expect competition in TV streaming from the large technology companies and service operators described above, as
well as new and growing companies, to increase in the future. This increased competition could result in pricing
pressure, lower revenue and gross profit or the failure of our players, Roku TV models or our platform to gain or
maintain broad market acceptance. To remain competitive and maintain our position as a leading TV streaming
platform we need to continuously invest in our platform, product development, marketing, service and support and
device distribution infrastructure. In addition, evolving TV standards such as 8K, HDR and unknown future
developments may require further investments in the development of our players, Roku TV models, and our platform.
We may not have sufficient resources to continue to make the investments needed to maintain our competitive
position. In addition, most of our competitors have longer operating histories, greater name recognition, larger
customer bases and significantly greater financial, technical, sales, marketing and other resources than us, which
provide them with advantages in developing, marketing or servicing new products and offerings. As a result, they
may be able to respond more quickly to market demand, devote greater resources to the development, promotion, sales
and distribution of their products or their content, and influence market acceptance of their products better than
we can. These competitors may also be able to adapt more quickly to new or emerging technologies or standards and
may be able to deliver products and services at a lower cost. Increased competition could reduce our sales volume,
revenue and operating margins, increase our operating costs, harm our competitive position and otherwise harm our
business.

In July 2018, we introduced our Roku TV Wireless Speakers, designed specifically for use with Roku TV models, in
September 2019, we launched our Roku Smart Soundbar and Roku Wireless Subwoofer and in September 2020, we launched
our Roku Streambar. As a result of these developments, we may face additional competition from makers of TV audio
                                                        37                                                         
speakers and soundbars, as well as makers of other TV peripheral devices. While our audio products have not
generated material amounts of revenue, if these products do not operate as designed or do not enhance the Roku TV
or other viewing experience as we intend, our users’ overall viewing experience may be diminished, and this may
impact the overall demand for Roku TV models or our other products.

We also compete for video viewing hours with mobile platforms (phones and tablets), and users may prefer to view
streaming content on such devices. Increased use of mobile or other platforms for TV streaming could adversely
impact the growth of our streaming hours, harm our competitive position and otherwise harm our business.

Our future growth depends on the acceptance and growth of over-the-top (“OTT”) advertising and OTT advertising
platforms.*

We operate in a highly competitive advertising industry and we compete for revenue from advertising with other
streaming platforms and services, as well as traditional media, such as radio, broadcast, cable and satellite TV,
and satellite and internet radio. These competitors offer content and other advertising mediums that may be more
attractive to advertisers than our streaming platform. These competitors are often very large and have more
advertising experience and financial resources than we do, which may adversely affect our ability to compete for
advertisers and may result in lower revenue and gross profit from advertising. If we are unable to increase our
revenue from advertising by, among other things, continuing to improve our platform’s capabilities to further
optimize and measure advertisers’ campaigns, increasing our advertising inventory and expanding our advertising
sales team and programmatic capabilities, our business and our growth prospects may be harmed. We may not be able
to compete effectively or adapt to any such changes or trends, which would harm our ability to grow our advertising
revenue and harm our business.

Many advertisers continue to devote a substantial portion of their advertising budgets to traditional advertising,
such as linear TV, radio and print, and to advertising through social media platforms. The future growth of our
business depends on the growth of OTT advertising, and on advertisers increasing their spend on advertising on our
platform. Although traditional TV advertisers have shown growing interest in OTT advertising, we cannot be certain
that their interest will continue to increase or that they will not revert to traditional TV advertising,
especially if our users no longer stream TV or significantly reduce the amount of TV they stream either as a result
of the COVID-19 pandemic coming to an end or for other reasons. If advertisers, or their agency relationships, do
not perceive meaningful benefits of OTT advertising, the market may develop more slowly than we expect, which could
adversely impact our operating results and our ability to grow our business.

Finally, there is political pressure in some countries to limit OTT advertising or impose local content
requirements on OTT services. This pressure has been driven by owners of traditional broadcast television services
and could pose a threat to our services.

We may not be successful in our efforts to further monetize our streaming platform, which may harm our business.*

Our business model depends on our ability to generate platform revenue from advertisers and content publishers. We
generate platform revenue primarily from advertising and audience development campaigns that run across our
streaming platform and from content distribution services. As such, we are seeking to expand the number of active
accounts and increase the number of hours that are streamed across our platform in an effort to create additional
platform revenue opportunities. As our user base grows and as we increase the amount of content offered and
streamed across our platform, we must effectively monetize our expanding user base and streaming activity. The
total number of streaming hours, however, does not correlate with platform revenue on a period-by-period basis,
primarily because we do not monetize every hour streamed on our platform. Moreover, streaming hours on our platform
are measured whenever a player or a Roku TV is streaming content, whether a viewer is actively watching or not. For
example, if a player is connected to a TV, and the viewer turns off the TV, steps away or falls asleep and does not
stop or pause the player then the particular streaming channel may continue to play content for a period of time
determined by the streaming channel. We believe that this also occurs across a wide variety of non-Roku streaming
devices and other set-top boxes. Since the first quarter of 2020, all Roku devices include a Roku OS feature that
is designed to identify when content has been continuously streaming on a channel for an extended period of time
without user interaction. This feature,which we refer to as “Are you still watching,” periodically prompts the user
to confirm that they are still watching the selected channel and closes the channel if the user does not respond
affirmatively. We believe that the implementation of this feature across the Roku platform benefits us, our
customers, channel partners and advertisers. Some of our leading channel partners, including Netflix, also have
similar features within their channels. This Roku OS feature supplements these channel features. This feature has
not had and is not expected to have a material impact on our financial performance.
                                                        38                                                         
Our ability to deliver more relevant advertisements to our users and to increase our platform’s value to
advertisers and content publishers depends on the collection of user engagement data, which may be restricted or
prevented by a number of factors. Users may decide to opt out or restrict our ability to collect personal viewing
data or to provide them with more relevant advertisements. Content publishers may also refuse to allow us to
collect data regarding user engagement or refuse to implement mechanisms we request to ensure compliance with our
legal obligations or technical requirements. For example, we are not able to fully utilize program level viewing
data from many of our most popular channels to improve the relevancy of advertisements provided to our users. Other
channels available on our platform, such as Amazon Prime Video, Apple TV+, Hulu and YouTube, are focused on
increasing user engagement and time spent within their channel by allowing users to purchase additional content and
streaming services within their channels. In addition, we do not currently monetize content provided on non-
certified channels, which are not displayed in our channel store and must be added manually by the user, on our
streaming platform. If our users spend most of their time within particular channels where we have limited or no
ability to place advertisements or leverage user information, or users opt out from our ability to collect data for
use in providing more relevant advertisements, we may not be able to achieve our expected growth in platform
revenue or gross profit. If we are unable to further monetize our streaming platform, our business may be harmed.

In order to materially increase the monetization of our streaming platform through the sale of video advertising,
we will need our users to stream significantly more ad-supported content. Our efforts to monetize our streaming
platform through ad-supported content (including throughadvertising-supported video on demand (“AVOD”)) are still
developing and may not continue to grow as we expect. This means of monetization will require us to continue to
attract advertising dollars to our streaming platform as well as deliver AVOD content that appeals to users.
Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in monetizing our streaming platform through the
distribution of ad-supported content.

If we are unable to attract advertisers or advertising agencies to our OneView Ad Platform or if we are not
successful in running a demand-side advertising platform, our business may be harmed.

In 2020, we announced the rebranding of the OneView Ad Platform, a demand-side platform through which advertisers
and advertising agencies can programmatically purchase and manage their OTT, desktop and mobile advertising
campaigns. OneView leverages the demand-side platform (“DSP”) developed by dataxu, which we acquired in November
2019, and integrates the reach, inventory and capabilities of our proprietary advertising products and services.
The market for programmatic OTT ad buying is an emerging market, and our current and potential advertisers and
advertising agencies may not shift to programmatic ad buying from other buying methods as quickly as we expect or
at all. If the market for programmatic OTT ad buying deteriorates or develops more slowly than we expect,
advertisers and advertising agencies may not use OneView or we may not attract prospective advertisers or
advertising agencies to OneView, and our business could be harmed. In addition, we have limited experience running
a DSP and if OneView does not have the functionality or services expected by advertisers or advertising agencies,
we may not be able to attract their advertising spend to OneView or our existing customers may not maintain or
increase their spend on OneView. If we fail to adapt to our rapidly changing industry or to our customers evolving
needs, advertisers and advertising agencies will not adopt OneView and our business may be harmed. We also may not
be able to compete effectively with more established DSPs or be able to adapt to changes or trends in programmatic
OTT advertising, which would harm our ability to grow our advertising revenue and harm our business.

Our growth will depend in part on our ability to develop and expand our relationships with TV brand partners in the
United States and international markets and, to a lesser extent, service operators.

We have developed, and intend to continue to develop and expand, relationships with TV brand partners and, to a
lesser extent, service operators in both the United States and international markets. Our licensing arrangements
are complex and time-consuming to negotiate and complete. Our current and potential partners include TV brands,
cable and satellite companies and telecommunication providers. We continue to invest in the growth and expansion of
our Roku TV program both in the United States and international markets. Our licensing program for service
operators has historically been primarily focused on international markets and has not been growing in scale in
recent years, as we have shifted the focus of our international growth to the sale of Roku streaming players and
Roku TV models.

In the past few years, the sale of Roku TV models by our TV brand partners has materially contributed to our active
account growth, to our streaming hours, and to our platform monetization efforts. This growth has primarily been in
the United States; however, our Roku TV licensing program has been expanded to certain international markets. We
license the Roku OS and our smart TV reference designs to certain TV brand partners to manufacture co-branded smart
TVs. We have not received, nor do we expect to receive, license revenue from these arrangements, but we expect to
incur expenses in connection with these commercial agreements. The primary economic benefits that we derive from
these license arrangements have been and will likely continue to be indirect, primarily from growing our active
accounts, increasing streaming hours and generating advertising-related revenues on our platform. If these
arrangements do not continue to result
                                                        39                                                         
in increased active accounts and streaming hours, and if that growth does not in turn lead to successfully
monetizing that increased user activity, our business may be harmed.

The loss of a relationship with a TV brand or service operator could harm our results of operations, damage our
reputation, increase pricing and promotional pressures from other partners and distribution channels, or increase
our marketing costs. If we are not successful in maintaining existing and creating new relationships with any of
these third parties, or if we encounter technological, content licensing or other impediments to our development of
these relationships, our ability to grow our business could be adversely impacted.

Under these license arrangements, we generally have limited control over the amount and timing of resources these
entities dedicate to the relationship. If our TV brand or service operator partners fail to meet their forecasts
for distributing licensed streaming devices, or chose to deploy competing streaming solutions within their product
lines, our business may be harmed.

We depend on a small number of content publishers for a majority of our streaming hours, and if we fail to maintain
these relationships, our business could be harmed.*

Historically, a small number of content publishers have accounted for a significant portion of the hours streamed
on our platform. In the quarter ended June 30, 2021, the top three streaming services represented over 50% of all
hours streamed in the period. If, for any reason, we cease distributing channels that have historically streamed a
large percentage of the aggregate streaming hours on our platform, our streaming hours, active accounts or
streaming device sales may be adversely affected, and our business may be harmed.

If popular or new content publishers do not publish content on our platform, we may fail to retain existing users
and attract new users.

We must continuously maintain existing relationships and identify and establish new relationships with content
publishers to provide popular streaming channels and popular content. In order to remain competitive, we must
consistently meet user demand for popular streaming channels and content; particularly as we launch new players,
new Roku TV models are introduced, or we enter new markets, including international markets. If we are not
successful in helping our content publishers launch and maintain streaming channels that attract and retain a
significant number of users on our streaming platform or if we are not able to do so in a cost-effective manner,
our business will be harmed. Our ability to successfully help content publishers maintain and expand their channel
offerings on a cost-effective basis largely depends on our ability to:
                                                                          
  •  effectively promote and market new and existing streaming channels;  
                                                                          
                                                                        
  •  minimize launch delays of new and updated streaming channels; and  
                                                                        
                                                                             
  •  minimize streaming platform downtime and other technical difficulties.  
                                                                             
In addition, if service operators, including pay TV providers, refuse to grant our users access to stream certain
channels or only make content available on devices they prefer, our ability to offer a broad selection of popular
streaming channels or content may be limited. If we fail to help our content publishers maintain and expand their
audiences on the Roku platform or their channels are not available on our platform, our business may be harmed.

Most of our agreements with content publishers are not long term and can be terminated by the content publishers
under certain circumstances. Any disruption in the renewal of such agreements may result in the removal of certain
channels from our streaming platform and may harm our active account growth and engagement.

We enter into agreements with all our content publishers, which have varying terms and conditions, including
expiration dates. Our agreements with content publishers generally have terms of one to three years and can be
terminated before the end of the term by the content publisher under certain circumstances, such as if we
materially breach the agreement, become insolvent, enter bankruptcy, commit fraud or fail to adhere to the content
publishers’ security or other platform certification requirements. Upon expiration of these agreements, we are
required to re-negotiate and renew them in order to continue providing content from these content publishers on our
streaming platform. We have in the past been unable, and in the future may not be able, to reach a satisfactory
agreement with certain content publishers before our existing agreements have expired. If we are unable to renew
such agreements on a timely basis on mutually agreeable terms, we may be required to temporarily or permanently
remove certain channels from our streaming platform.

The loss of such channels from our streaming platform for any period of time may harm our business. More broadly,
if we fail to maintain our relationships with the content publishers on terms favorable to us, or at all, or if
these content
                                                        40                                                         
publishers face problems in delivering their content across our platform, we may lose channel partners or users and
our business may be harmed.

If we are unable to maintain an adequate supply of quality video ad inventory on our platform or effectively sell
our available video ad inventory, our business may be harmed.

Our business model depends on our ability to grow video ad inventory on our streaming platform and sell it to
advertisers. While The Roku Channel serves as a valuable source of video ad inventory for us to sell, we are also
dependent on our ability to monetize video ad inventory within other ad-supported channels on our streaming
platform. We seek to obtain the ability to sell such inventory from the content publishers of such channels. We may
fail to attract content publishers that generate a sufficient quantity or quality of ad-supported content hours on
our streaming platform, or fail to obtain access to a sufficient quantity and quality of ad inventory from the
publishers of such content. Our access to video ad inventory in ad-supported streaming channels on our platform
varies greatly among channels; accordingly, we do not have access to all of the video ad inventory on our platform.
For certain channels, including YouTube’s ad-supported channel, we have no access to video ad inventory at this
time, and we may not secure access in the future. The amount, quality and cost of video ad inventory available to
us can change at any time. If we are unable to grow and maintain a sufficient supply of quality video ad inventory
at reasonable costs to keep up with demand, our business may be harmed.

If our content publishers do not participate in new features that we may introduce from time to time, our business
may be harmed.

As our streaming platform and products evolve, we will continue to introduce new features, which may or may not be
attractive to our content publishers or meet their requirements. For example, some content publishers have elected
not to participate in our cross-channel search feature, our integrated advertising framework, or have imposed
limits on our data gathering for usage within their channels. In addition, our streaming platform utilizes our
proprietary Brightscript scripting language in order to allow our content publishers to develop and create channels
on our streaming platform. If we introduce new features or utilize a new scripting language in the future, such a
change may not comply with our content publishers' certification requirements. In addition, our content publishers
may find other languages, such as HTML5, more attractive to develop for and shift their resources to developing
their channels on other platforms. If content publishers do not find our streaming platform simple and attractive
to develop channels for, do not value and participate in all of the features and functionality that our streaming
platform offers, or determine that our software developer kit or new features of our platform do not meet their
certification requirements, our business may be harmed.

If the advertising and audience development campaigns and other promotional advertising on our platform are not
relevant or not engaging to our users, our growth in active accounts and streaming hours may be adversely impacted.

We have made, and are continuing to make, investments to enable advertisers and content publishers to deliver
relevant advertisement, audience development campaigns and other promotional advertising to our users. Existing and
prospective advertisers and content publishers may not be successful in serving ads and audience development
campaigns and sponsoring other promotional advertising that lead to and maintain user engagement. Those ads and
campaigns may seem irrelevant, repetitive or overly targeted and intrusive. We are continuously seeking to balance
the objectives of our advertisers and content publishers with our desire to provide an optimal user experience, but
we may not be successful in achieving a balance that continues to attract and retain users, advertisers and content
publishers. If we do not introduce relevant advertisers, audience development campaigns, and other promotional
advertising, or such advertisements, audience development campaigns, and other promotional advertising are overly
intrusive and impede the use of our streaming platform, our users may stop using our platform which will harm our
business.

The Roku Channel may not continue to attract a large number of users and/or generate significant revenue from
advertising, and our users may not purchase Premium Subscriptions.*

We operate The Roku Channel, which offers both ad-supported free access for users to a collection of films,
television series and other content as well as Premium Subscriptions, which allow our users to pay for ad-free
content from various content publishers, all on one streaming channel. We have incurred, and will continue to
incur, costs and expenses in connection with the development, expansion and operation of The Roku Channel, which we
monetize primarily through advertising. For example, in the first quarter of 2021, we acquired content rights,
including rights to certain projects in development, from the mobile-first video distribution service known as
Quibi, and announced that The Roku Channel would become the home of such content. In addition, we acquired the
entities comprising the “This Old House” business, which own and produce the “This Old House” and “Ask This Old
House” TV programs and operate related business lines, to further the growth strategy and ad-supported content
offerings in The Roku Channel. If our users do not continue to stream the free, ad-supported content we make
available on The Roku Channel, we will not have the opportunity to monetize The Roku Channel through revenue
generated from advertising. In order to attract users to the ad-supported content on The Roku
                                                        41                                                         
Channel and drive streaming of ad-supported video on The Roku Channel, we must secure rights to stream content that
is appealing to our users and advertisers. In part, we do this by directly licensing certain content from content
owners, such as television and movie studios. The agreements that we enter into with these content owners have
varying terms and provide us with rights to make specific content available through The Roku Channel during certain
periods of time. Upon expiration of these agreements, we are required to re-negotiate and renew these agreements
with the content owners, or enter into new agreements with other content owners, in order to obtain rights to
distribute additional titles or to extend the duration of the rights previously granted. If we are unable to enter
into content license agreements on acceptable terms to access content that enables us to attract and retain users
of the ad-supported content on The Roku Channel, or if the content we do secure rights to stream, including for
example the content that we acquired through theQuibiandThis Old House transactions described above, is ultimately
not appealing to our users and advertisers, usage of The Roku Channel may decline, and our business may be harmed.
In addition, following the acquisition of the This Old House business and the launch of our advertising brand
studio, we are producing content for distribution on The Roku Channel and other platforms. We have limited
experience producing content, and we may not be successful in doing so in a cost-effective manner that is appealing
to our users and advertisers and furthers the growth of The Roku Channel. Furthermore, if the advertisements on The
Roku Channel are not relevant to our users or such advertisements are overly intrusive and impede our users’
enjoyment of the available content, our users may not stream content and view advertisements on The Roku Channel,
and The Roku Channel may not generate sufficient revenue from advertising to be cost effective for us to operate,
regardless of our ability to sell Premium Subscriptions. In addition, we distribute The Roku Channel on platforms
other than our own streaming platform, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in attracting a
large number of users and/or generating significant revenue from advertising through the distribution of The Roku
Channel on such other streaming platforms.

If our users sign up for offerings and services outside of our platform or through other channels on our platform,
our business may be harmed.

We earn revenue by acquiring subscribers for certain of our content publishers activated on or through our
platform. If users do not use our platform for these purchases or subscriptions for any reason, and instead pay for
services directly with content publishers or by other means that we do not receive attribution for, our business
may be harmed. In addition, certain channels available on our platform allow users to purchase additional streaming
services from within their channels. The revenue we earn from these transactions is generally not equivalent to the
revenue we earn from activations on or through our platform that we receive full attribution credit for.
Furthermore, for Premium Subscriptions, we only earn revenue for subscription video on demand (“SVOD”) channels,
including subscriptions to these services through The Roku Channel. Accordingly, if users activate subscriptions
for SVOD channels, including channels available as Premium Subscriptions, other than on our platform, our business
may be harmed.

We operate in a rapidly evolving industry that will be impacted by many factors that are outside of our control,
which makes it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects.*

TV streaming is a rapidly evolving industry, making our business and prospects difficult to evaluate. The growth
and profitability of this industry and the level of demand and market acceptance for our products and streaming
platform are subject to a high degree of uncertainty. We believe that the continued growth of streaming as an
entertainment alternative will depend on the availability and growth of cost-effective broadband internet access
(including mobile broadband internet access), the quality and reliability of broadband content delivery, broadband
service providers’ ability to control the delivery speed of different content traveling on their networks, the
quality and reliability of new devices and technology, the cost for users relative to other sources of content, as
well as the quality and breadth of content that is delivered across streaming platforms. Accordingly, the future
evolution of TV streaming as an industry, which is likely to impact our success, is dependent on many of the
factors that are outside of our control.

Changes in consumer viewing habits could harm our business.

The manner in which consumers access streaming content is changing rapidly. As the technological infrastructure for
internet access continues to improve and evolve, consumers will be presented with more opportunities to access
video, music and games on-demand with interactive capabilities. Time spent on mobile devices is growing rapidly, in
particular by young adults streaming content as well as content from cable or satellite providers available live or
on-demand on mobile devices. In addition, personal computers, smart TVs, DVD players, Blu-ray players, gaming
consoles and cable set-top boxes allow users to access streaming content. If other streaming or technology
providers are able to respond and take advantage of changes in consumer viewing habits and technologies better than
us, our business could be harmed.
                                                        42                                                         
New entrants may enter the TV streaming market with unique service offerings or approaches to providing video. In
addition, our competitors may enter into business combinations or alliances that strengthen their competitive
positions. If new technologies render the TV streaming market obsolete or we are unable to successfully compete
with current and new competitors and technologies, our business will be harmed.

We and our Roku TV brand partners depend on our retail sales channels to effectively market and sell our players
and Roku TV models, and if we or our partners fail to maintain and expand effective retail sales channels, we could
experience lower player or Roku TV model sales.*

To continue to increase our active accounts, we must maintain and expand our retail sales channels. The majority of
our players and our TV brand partners' Roku TV models are sold through traditional brick and mortar retailers, such
as Best Buy, Target and Walmart, including their online sales platforms, and online retailers such as Amazon. To a
lesser extent, we sell players directly through our website and internationally through distributors. For the three
and six months ended June 30, 2021, Amazon, Best Buy and Walmart in total accounted for 65% and 69%, respectively,
of our player segment revenue. These three retailers collectively accounted for 69% and 72% of our player revenue
for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. These retailers and our international distributors
also sell products offered by our competitors. We have no minimum purchase commitments or long-term contracts with
any of these retailers or distributors. If one or several retailers or distributors were to discontinue selling our
players or our TV brand partners' Roku TV models, choose not to prominently display those devices in their stores
or on their websites, or close or severely limit access to their brick and mortar locations due to COVID-19
restrictions or other concerns, the volume of our streaming devices sold could decrease, which would harm our
business. If any of our existing TV brands choose to work exclusively with, or divert a significant portion of
their business with us to, other operating system developers, this may impact our ability to license the Roku OS
and our smart TV reference design to TV brands and our ability to continue to grow active accounts. Traditional
retailers have limited shelf and end cap space in their stores and limited promotional budgets, and online
retailers have limited prime website product placement space. Competition is intense for these resources, and a
competitor with more extensive product lines and stronger brand identity, such as Amazon or Google, possesses
greater bargaining power with retailers. In addition, one of our online retailers, Amazon, sells its own
competitive streaming devices and is able to market and promote these products more prominently on its website, and
could refuse to offer or promote our devices on its website. Any reduction in our ability to place and promote our
devices, or increased competition for available shelf or website placement, could require us to increase our
marketing expenditures to maintain our product visibility or result in reduced visibility for our products, which
may harm our business. In particular, the availability of product placement during peak retail periods, such as the
holiday season, is critical to our revenue growth, and if we are unable to effectively sell our devices during
these periods, our business would be harmed.

If our efforts to build a strong brand and maintain customer satisfaction and loyalty are not successful, we may
not be able to attract or retain users, and our business may be harmed.

Building and maintaining a strong brand is important to attract and retain users, as potential users have a number
of TV streaming choices. Successfully building a brand is a time consuming and comprehensive endeavor and can be
positively and negatively impacted by any number of factors. Certain factors, such as the quality or pricing of our
players or our customer service, are within our control. Other factors, such as the quality and reliability of Roku
TV models and the quality of the content that our content publishers provide, may be out of our control, yet users
may nonetheless attribute those factors to us. Our competitors may be able to achieve and maintain brand awareness
and market share more quickly and effectively than we can. Many of our competitors are larger companies and promote
their brands through traditional forms of advertising, such as print media and TV commercials, and have substantial
resources to devote to such efforts. Our competitors may also have greater resources to utilize digital advertising
or website product placement more effectively than we can. If we are unable to execute on building a strong brand,
it may be difficult to differentiate our business and streaming platform from our competitors in the marketplace,
therefore our ability to attract and retain users may be adversely affected and our business may be harmed.

Our streaming platform allows our users to choose from thousands of channels, representing a variety of content
from a wide range of content publishers. Our users can choose and control which channels they download and watch,
and they can use certain settings to prevent channels from being downloaded to our streaming devices. While we have
policies that prohibit the publication of content that is unlawful, incites illegal activities or violates third-
party rights, among other things, we may distribute channels that include controversial content. Controversies
related to the content included on certain of the channels that we distribute could result in negative publicity,
cause harm to our reputation and brand, or subject us to claims and may harm our business.
                                                        43                                                         
We are subject to payment-related risks and, if our advertisers or advertising agencies do not pay or dispute their
invoices, our business may be harmed.

Many of our contracts with advertising agencies provide that if the advertiser does not pay the agency, the agency
is not liable to us, and we must seek payment solely from the advertiser, a type of arrangement called sequential
liability. Contracting with these agencies, which in some cases have or may develop higher-risk credit profiles,
may subject us to greater credit risk than if we were to contract directly with advertisers. This credit risk may
vary depending on the nature of an advertising agency’s aggregated advertiser base. In addition, typically, we are
contractually required to pay advertising inventory data suppliers within a negotiated period of time, regardless
of whether our advertisers or advertising agencies pay us on time, or at all. In addition, we typically experience
slow payment cycles by advertising agencies as is common in the advertising industry. While we attempt to balance
payment periods with our suppliers and advertisers and advertising agencies, we are not always successful. As a
result, we can often face a timing issue with our accounts payable on shorter cycles than our accounts receivables,
requiring us to remit payments from our own funds, and accept the risk of credit losses.

We may also be involved in disputes with agencies and their advertisers over the operation of our streaming
platform, the terms of our agreements or our billings for purchases made by them through our streaming platform or
through our DSP. If we are unable to collect or make adjustments to bills, we could incur credit losses, which
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for the periods in which the write-offs occur. In
the future, bad debt may exceed reserves for such contingencies and our bad debt exposure may increase over time.
Any increase in write-offs for bad debt could have a materially negative effect on our business, financial
condition and operating results. If we are not paid by our advertisers or advertising agencies on time or at all,
our business may be harmed.

The quality of our customer support is important to our users and licensees, and, if we fail to provide adequate
levels of customer support, we could lose users and licensees, which would harm our business.

Our users and licensees depend on our customer support organization to resolve any issues relating to our devices.
A high level of support is critical for the successful marketing and sale of our devices. We currently outsource
our customer support operation to a third-party customer support organization. If we do not effectively train,
update and manage our third-party customer support organization to assist our users, and if that support
organization does not succeed in helping them quickly resolve issues or provide effective ongoing support, it could
adversely affect our ability to sell our devices to users and harm our reputation with potential new users and our
licensees.

We must successfully manage streaming device and other product introductions and transitions to remain competitive.

We must continually develop new and improved streaming devices and other products that meet changing consumer
demands. Moreover, the introduction of a new streaming device or other product is a complex task, involving
significant expenditures in research and development, promotion and sales channel development. For example, in
2018, we introduced our Roku TV Wireless Speakers, designed specifically for use with Roku TV models, in 2019 we
introduced our Roku Smart Soundbar and Roku Wireless Subwoofer, and in 2020 we launched our Roku Streambar. Whether
users will broadly adopt new streaming devices or other products is not certain. Our future success will depend on
our ability to develop new and competitively priced streaming devices and other products and add new desirable
content and features to our streaming platform. Moreover, we must introduce new streaming devices and other
products in a timely and cost-effective manner, and we must secure production orders for those products from our
contract manufacturers. The development of new streaming devices and other products is a highly complex process,
and while our research and development efforts are aimed at solving increasingly complex problems, we do not expect
that all of our projects will be successful. The successful development and introduction of new streaming devices
and products depends on a number of factors, including:
                                                                                         
  •  the accuracy of our forecasts for market requirements beyond near term visibility;  
                                                                                         
                                                                                            
  •  our ability to anticipate and react to new technologies and evolving consumer trends;  
                                                                                            
                                                                     
  •  our development, licensing or acquisition of new technologies;  
                                                                     
                                                            
  •  our timely completion of new designs and development;  
                                                            
                                                                                                  
  •  the ability of our contract manufacturers to cost-effectively manufacture our new products;  
                                                                                                  
                                                                              
  •  the availability of materials and key components used in manufacturing;  
                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
     tariffs, trade, sanctions, and export restrictions by the U.S. or foreign governments, which could impact     
  •  the pricing and availability of such devices and depress consumer demand, limit the ability of our contract   
     manufacturers to obtain key parts, components, software, and technologies, and lead to shortages;             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •  the ability of our contract manufacturers to produce quality products and minimize defects, manufacturing     
     mishaps, and shipping delays; and                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                        
  •  our ability to attract and retain world-class research and development personnel.  
                                                                                        
                                                        44                                                         
If any of these or other factors materializes, we may not be able to develop and introduce new products in a timely
or cost-effective manner, and our business may be harmed.

We do not have manufacturing capabilities and primarily depend upon a limited number of contract manufacturers, and
our operations could be disrupted if we encounter problems with our contract manufacturers.*

We do not have any internal manufacturing capabilities and rely on a limited number of contract manufacturers to
build our players, smart soundbars, wireless subwoofers and our wireless speakers. Our contract manufacturers are
vulnerable to:
                            
  •  capacity constraints;  
                            
                                      
  •  reduced component availability;  
                                      
                                                                                                                   
  •  production disruptions or delays, including from strikes, mechanical issues, quality control issues, natural  
     disasters, and public health crises, such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; and                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •  the impact of U.S. or foreign tariffs, trade, or sanctions restrictions on components, finished goods,        
     software, other products or data transfers.                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
As a result, we have limited control over delivery schedules, manufacturing yields and costs, particularly when
components are in short supply or when we introduce new streaming devices or other products. For example, during
the six months ended June 30, 2021, high demand for consumer electronics and information technology products
created tight component supply conditions and logistical delays for our products. In addition, the COVID-19
pandemic and recent increases in U.S. demand for imported goods have caused shipping delays from Asia with backlogs
at ports of origination and entry.

We also have limited control over our contract manufacturers’ quality systems and controls, and therefore must rely
on them to manufacture our players and other products to our quality and performance standards and specifications.
Delays, component shortages and other manufacturing and supply problems could impair the retail distribution of our
players and other products and ultimately our brand. Furthermore, any adverse change in our contract manufacturers’
financial or business condition could disrupt our ability to supply our players or other products to our retailers
and distributors.

Our contracts with our contract manufacturers generally do not obligate them to supply our players or other
products in any specific quantity or at any specific price. In the event our contract manufacturers are unable to
fulfill our production requirements in a timely manner, their costs increase because of U.S. or international
tariffs, sanctions, export or import restrictions, or they decide to terminate their relationship with us, our
order fulfillment may be delayed, and we would have to identify, select and qualify acceptable alternative contract
manufacturers. Alternative contract manufacturers may not be available to us when needed or may not be in a
position to satisfy our production requirements at commercially reasonable prices, to our quality and performance
standards on a timely basis, or at all. Any significant interruption in manufacturing at our contract manufacturers
for any reason could require us to reduce our supply of players or other products to our retailers and
distributors, which in turn would reduce our revenue, or incur higher freight costs than anticipated, which would
negatively impact our player gross margin. In addition, our contract manufacturers’ facilities are located in
Southeast Asia, the People’s Republic of China and Brazil and may be subject to political, economic, labor, trade,
social and legal uncertainties that may harm or disrupt our relationships with these parties. We believe that the
international location of these facilities increases supply risk, including the risk of supply interruptions,
tariffs, and trade restrictions on exports or imports. Furthermore, any manufacturing issues affecting the quality
of our products, including players and audio products, could harm our business.

If our contract manufacturers fail for any reason to continue manufacturing our players or other products in
required volumes and at high quality levels, or at all, we would have to identify, select and qualify acceptable
alternative contract manufacturers. Alternative contract manufacturers may not be available to us when needed, or
at all, or may not be in a position to satisfy our production requirements at commercially reasonable prices, to
our quality and performance standards, or at all. Any significant interruption in manufacturing at a contract
manufacturer could require us to reduce our supply of players or other products to our retailers and distributors,
which in turn would reduce our revenue, active account growth or streaming hour growth.

Certain Roku TV brands do not have manufacturing capabilities and primarily depend upon contract manufacturers, and
the supply of Roku TV models to the market could be disrupted if they encounter problems with their contract
manufacturers or suppliers.*

Certain Roku TV brands do not have internal manufacturing capabilities and primarily rely upon contract
manufacturers to build the Roku TV models that they sell to retailers. Their contract manufacturers may be
vulnerable to
                                                        45                                                         
capacity constraints and reduced component availability; increases in U.S. tariffs on imports of Roku TV models;
future possible changes in U.S. regulations on exports of U.S. technologies; U.S. restrictions on dealings with
certain countries, parties, regions, or imported inputs; foreign tariffs on U.S. parts or components for Roku TV
models that are assembled outside of the United States; and their control over delivery schedules, manufacturing
yields and costs, particularly when components are in short supply and may be limited. Delays, component shortages,
and other manufacturing and supply problems (whether due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the current high demand
for consumer electronics and information technology products, or other reasons) could impair the retail
distribution of their Roku TV models. A significant interruption in the supply of Roku TV models to retailers and
distributors could, in turn, reduce our active accounts and streaming hours.

Furthermore, any manufacturing issues affecting the quality or performance of our Roku TV brand partners’ Roku TV
models, could harm our brand and our business.

If we fail to accurately forecast our manufacturing requirements and manage our inventory with our contract
manufacturers, we could incur additional costs, experience manufacturing delays and lose revenue.*

We bear supply risk under our contract manufacturing arrangements. Lead times for the materials and components that
our contract manufacturers order on our behalf through different component suppliers vary significantly and depend
on numerous factors, including the specific supplier, contract terms, shipping and air freight, and market demand
for a component at a given time. Lead times for certain key materials and components incorporated into our players
or other products are currently lengthy, requiring our contract manufacturers to order materials and components
several months in advance. If we overestimate our production requirements, our contract manufacturers may purchase
excess components and build excess inventory. If our contract manufacturers, at our request, purchase excess
components that are unique to our products or build excess products, we could be required to pay for these excess
components or products. In the past, we have agreed to reimburse our contract manufacturers for purchased
components that were not used as a result of our decision to discontinue a certain model of player or the use of
particular components. If we incur costs to cover excess supply commitments, this would harm our business.

Conversely, if we underestimate our player or other product requirements, our contract manufacturers may have
inadequate component inventory, which could interrupt the manufacturing of our players or other products and result
in delays or cancellation of orders from retailers and distributors. In addition, from time to time we have
experienced unanticipated increases in demand that resulted in the need to ship players via air freight, which is
more expensive than ocean freight, and adversely affected our player gross margin during such periods of high
demand, for example, during end-of-year holidays. During the six months ended June 30, 2021, sustained high demand
for consumer electronics and information technology products created tight component supply conditions and
logistical delays for our products and key components. If we fail to accurately forecast our manufacturing
requirements, our business may be harmed.

Our players incorporate key components from sole source suppliers and if our contract manufacturers are unable to
source these components on a timely basis, due to fabrication capacity issues or other material supply constraints,
we will not be able to deliver our players to our retailers and distributors.*

We depend on sole source suppliers for key components in our players. Our players utilize specific system on chip,
or SoC, Wi-Fi silicon products and Wi-Fi front-end modules from various manufacturers, depending on the player, for
which we do not have a second source. Although this approach allows us to maximize player performance on lower cost
hardware, reduce engineering qualification costs and develop stronger relationships with our strategic suppliers,
this also creates supply chain risk. These sole-source suppliers could be constrained by fabrication capacity
issues or material supply issues, such as U.S. or foreign tariffs, other export or import restrictions on parts or
components for finished players that are used in final assembly of their components (or on the finished players
themselves), or shortages of key components. There is also the risk that the strategic supplier may stop producing
such components, cease operations or be acquired by, or enter into exclusive arrangements with, our competitors or
other companies, or become subject to U.S. or foreign sanctions or export control restrictions or penalties. Such
suppliers also have experienced, and may continue to experience, production, shipping, or logistical constraints
arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. Such interruptions and delays have forced us to seek similar components from
alternative sources, which have not always been available, and have caused us to delay product introductions and
incur air freight expense. Switching from a sole-source supplier may require that we redesign our players to
accommodate new components and would require us to re-qualify our players with regulatory bodies, such as the
Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”), which would be costly and time-consuming.
                                                        46                                                         
Our reliance on sole-source suppliers involves a number of additional risks, including risks related to:
                                     
  •  supplier capacity constraints;  
                                     
                       
  •  price increases;  
                       
                       
  •  timely delivery;  
                       
                             
  •  component quality; and  
                             
                                                                                                     
  •  delays in, or the inability to execute on, a supplier roadmap for components and technologies.  
                                                                                                     
Any interruption in the supply of sole-source components for our players could adversely affect our ability to meet
scheduled player deliveries to our retailers and distributors, result in lost sales and higher expenses and harm
our business.

Our players and Roku TV models must operate with various offerings, technologies and systems from our content
publishers that we do not control. If our streaming devices do not operate effectively with those offerings,
technologies and systems, our business may be harmed.

The Roku OS is designed for performance using relatively low-cost hardware, which enables us to drive user growth
with our players and Roku TV models offered at a low cost to consumers. However, this hardware must be
interoperable with all channels and other offerings, technologies and systems from our content publishers,
including virtual multi-channel video programming distributors. We have no control over these offerings,
technologies and systems beyond our channel certification requirements, and if our players and Roku TV models do
not provide our users with a high-quality experience on those offerings on a cost-effective basis or if changes are
made to those offerings that are not compatible with our players or Roku TV models, we may be unable to increase
active account growth and user engagement, we may be required to increase our hardware costs and our business will
be harmed. We plan to continue to introduce new products regularly and we have experienced that it takes time to
optimize such products to function well with these offerings, technologies and systems. In addition, many of our
largest content publishers have the right to test and certify our new products before we can publish their channels
on these devices. The certification processes can be time consuming and introduce third-party dependencies into our
product release cycles. If content publishers do not certify new products on a timely basis or require us to make
changes in order to obtain certifications, our product release plans may be adversely impacted, or we may not
continue to offer certain channels. To continue to grow our active accounts and user engagement, we will need to
prioritize development of our streaming devices to work better with new offerings, technologies and systems. If we
are unable to maintain consistent operability of our devices that is on parity with or better than other platforms,
our business could be harmed. In addition, any future changes to offerings, technologies and systems from our
content publishers, such as virtual service operators, may impact the accessibility, speed, functionality, and
other performance aspects of our streaming devices. We may not successfully develop streaming devices that operate
effectively with these offerings, technologies or systems. If it becomes more difficult for our users to access and
use these offerings, technologies or systems, our business could be harmed.

Our streaming devices are technically complex and may contain undetected hardware errors or software bugs, which
could manifest themselves in ways that could harm our reputation and our business.

Our streaming devices and those of our licensees are technically complex and have contained and may in the future
contain undetected software bugs or hardware errors. These bugs and errors can manifest themselves in any number of
ways in our devices or our streaming platform, including through diminished performance, security vulnerabilities,
data quality in logs or interpretation of data, malfunctions or even permanently disabled devices. Some errors in
our devices may only be discovered after a device has been shipped and used by users and may in some cases only be
detected under certain circumstances or after extended use. We also update the Roku OS and our software on a
regular basis, and, despite our quality assurance processes, we could introduce bugs in the process of any such
update. The introduction of a serious software bug could result in devices becoming permanently disabled. We offer
a limited one-year warranty in the United States and any such defects discovered in our devices after commercial
release could result in loss of revenue or delay in revenue recognition, loss of customer goodwill and users and
increased service costs, any of which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. We could
also face claims for product or information liability, tort or breach of warranty, or other violations of laws or
regulations. In addition, our contracts with users contain provisions relating to warranty disclaimers and
liability limitations, which may not be upheld. Defending a lawsuit, regardless of its merit, is costly and may
divert management’s attention and adversely affect the market’s perception of Roku and our products. In addition,
if our insurance coverage proves inadequate or future coverage is unavailable on acceptable terms or at all, our
business could be harmed.

Components used in our products may fail as a result of manufacturing, design or other defects over which we have
no control and render our devices permanently inoperable.

We rely on third-party component suppliers to provide certain functionalities needed for the operation and use of
our products. Any errors or defects in such third-party technology could result in errors in our products that
could harm our
                                                        47                                                         
business. If these components have a manufacturing,designor other defect, they can cause our products to fail and
render them permanently inoperable. For example, the typical means by which our users connect their home networks
to our players is by way of a Wi-Fi access point in the home network router. If the Wi-Fi receiver in our player
fails, then our player cannot detect a home network’s Wi-Fi access point, and our player will not be able to
display or deliver any content to the TV screen. As a result, we may have to replace these players at our sole cost
and expense. Should we have a widespread problem of this kind, our reputation in the market could be adversely
affected and our replacement of these players would harm our business.

If we are unable to obtain necessary or desirable third-party technology licenses, our ability to develop new
streaming players or platform enhancements may be impaired.

We utilize commercially available off-the-shelf technology in the development of our players and streaming
platform. As we continue to introduce new features or improvements to our players and our streaming platform, we
may be required to license additional technologies from third parties. These third-party licenses may be
unavailable to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If we are unable to obtain necessary third-party
licenses, we may be required to obtain substitute technologies with lower quality or performance standards, or at a
greater cost, any of which could harm the competitiveness of our players, streaming platform and our business.
                                                                                                                   
   Risks Related to Operating and Growing Our Business                                                             
                                                                                                                   
We have incurred operating losses in the past, expect to incur operating losses in the future and may never achieve
or maintain profitability.*

We began operations in 2002 and we have experienced annual net losses each year since inception. As of June 30,
2021, we had an accumulated deficit of $182.6 million. We expect our operating expenses to increase in the future
as we continue to expand our operations. If our revenue and gross profit do not grow at a greater rate than our
operating expenses, we will not be able to achieve and maintain profitability. We expect to operate at or near
break-even levels in the future for a number of reasons, including without limitation the other risks and
uncertainties described herein. Additionally, we may encounter unforeseen operating or legal expenses,
difficulties, complications, delays and other factors that may result in losses in future periods. If our expenses
exceed our revenue, we may never achieve or maintain profitability and our business may be harmed.

Our quarterly operating results may be volatile and are difficult to predict, and our stock price may decline if we
fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors.*

Our revenue, gross profit and other operating results could vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-
year and may fail to match our past performance due to a variety of factors, including many factors that are
outside of our control. Factors that may contribute to the variability of our operating results and cause the
market price of our Class A common stock to fluctuate include:
                                                                                                                   
  •  the entrance of new competitors or competitive products or services, whether by established or new            
     companies;                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •  our ability to retain and grow our active account base, increase engagement among new and existing users,     
     and monetize our streaming platform;                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •  our ability to maintain effective pricing practices, in response to the competitive markets in which we       
     operate or other macroeconomic factors, such as inflation or increased taxes;                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                  
  •  our revenue mix, which drives gross profit;  
                                                  
                                                                                                                   
  •  supply of advertising inventory on our advertising platform and advertiser demand for advertising inventory;  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                      
  •  seasonal, cyclical or other shifts in revenue from advertising or player sales;  
                                                                                      
                                                                                 
  •  the timing of the launch of new or updated products, channels or features;  
                                                                                 
                                                           
  •  the addition or loss of popular content or channels;  
                                                           
                                                                                          
  •  the expense and availability of content to license or produce for The Roku Channel;  
                                                                                          
                                                              
  •  the ability of retailers to anticipate consumer demand;  
                                                              
                                                                                                                   
  •  an increase in the manufacturing or component costs of our players or the manufacturing or component costs    
     of our TV brand licensees for Roku TV models;                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
     delays in delivery of our players or our partners’ Roku TV models, or disruptions in our or our licensees’    
  •  supply or distribution chains, including any disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, tariffs, or other   
     trade restrictions or disruptions; and                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •  an increase in costs associated with protecting our intellectual property, defending against third-party      
     intellectual property infringement allegations or procuring rights to third-party intellectual property.      
                                                                                                                   
                                                        48                                                         
Our gross margins vary across our devices and platform offerings. Our player segment revenue has a lower gross
margin compared to our platform segment revenue derived through our arrangements with advertising, content
distribution, billing, and licensing activities. Gross margins on our players vary across player models and can
change over time as a result of product transitions, pricing and configuration changes, component costs, player
returns and other cost fluctuations. In addition, our gross margin and operating margin percentages, as well as
overall profitability, may be adversely impacted as a result of a shift in device, geographic or sales channel mix,
component cost increases, price competition, or the introduction of new streaming devices, including those that
have higher cost structures with flat or reduced pricing. We have in the past and may in the future strategically
reduce our player gross margin in an effort to increase the number of active accounts and grow our gross profit. As
a result, our player segment revenue may not increase as rapidly as it has historically, or at all, and, unless we
are able to continue to increase our platform revenue and grow the number of active accounts, we may be unable to
grow gross profit and our business will be harmed. If a reduction in gross margin does not result in an increase in
our active accounts or increase our platform revenue and gross profit, our financial results may suffer, and our
business may be harmed.

If we have difficulty managing our growth in operating expenses, our business could be harmed.

We have experienced significant growth in our research and development, sales and marketing, support services,
operations, and general and administrative functions in recent years and expect to continue to expand these
activities. Our historical growth has placed, and expected future growth will continue to place, significant
demands on our management, as well as our financial and operational resources, to:
                                    
  •  manage a larger organization;  
                                    
                                                                                    
  •  hire more employees, including engineers with relevant skills and experience;  
                                                                                    
                              
  •  expand internationally;  
                              
                                                
  •  increase our sales and marketing efforts;  
                                                
                                                                     
  •  expand the capacity to manufacture and distribute our players;  
                                                                     
                                                 
  •  broaden our customer support capabilities;  
                                                 
                                                                 
  •  support a larger number of TV brand and service operators;  
                                                                 
                                                               
  •  expand and improve the content offering on our platform;  
                                                               
                                                                   
  •  implement appropriate operational and financial systems; and  
                                                                   
                                                                       
  •  maintain effective financial disclosure controls and procedures.  
                                                                       
If we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may not be able to execute our business strategies and our business
will be harmed.

We may be unable to successfully expand our international operations and our international expansion plans, if
implemented, will subject us to a variety of risks that may harm our business.*

We currently generate the vast majority of our revenue in the United States and have limited experience marketing,
selling, licensing and supporting our devices and running or monetizing our streaming platform outside the United
States. In addition, we have limited experience managing the administrative aspects of a global organization. While
we intend to continue to explore opportunities to expand our business in international markets in which we see
compelling opportunities, we may not be able to create or maintain international market demand for our devices and
streaming platform.

In the course of expanding our international operations and operating overseas, in addition to the risks we face in
the United States, we will be subject to a variety of risks that could adversely affect our business, including:
                                                                                                                   
     differing regulatory requirements, including country-specific data privacy and security laws and              
     regulations, consumer protection laws and regulations, tax laws, telecommunications laws, trade laws, labor   
  •  regulations, tariffs, export quotas, U.S. and foreign sanctions, custom duties on cross-border movements of   
     goods or data flows, extension of limits on TV advertising minutes to OTT advertising, local content          
     requirements, data or data processing localization requirements, or other trade restrictions;                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
     compliance with laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, UK Bribery Act and other anti-corruption      
  •  laws, U.S. or foreign export controls and sanctions, and local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to           
     government officials;                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •  compliance with various privacy, data transfer, data protection, accessibility, consumer protection and       
     child protection laws in the European Union (“EU”) and other international markets that we operate in;        
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                           
  •  slower adoption and acceptance of streaming devices and services in other countries;  
                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
  •  competition with other devices that consumers may use to stream TV or existing local traditional pay TV       
     services and products, including those provided by incumbent pay TV service providers;                        
                                                                                                                   
                                                        49                                                         
                                                                                                                   
  •  greater difficulty supporting and localizing our streaming devices and streaming platform, including          
     delivering support and training documentation in languages other than English;                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •  our ability to deliver or provide access to popular streaming channels or content to users in certain         
     international markets;                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
     different or unique competitive pressures as a result of, among other things, the presence of local consumer  
  •  electronics companies and the greater availability of free content on over-the-air channels in certain        
     countries;                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                              
  •  availability of reliable broadband connectivity and wide area networks in areas targeted for expansion;  
                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
     challenges inherent in efficiently staffing and managing an increased number of employees over large          
  •  geographic distances, including the need to implement appropriate systems, policies, compensation and         
     benefits, and compliance programs;                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •  difficulties in understanding and complying with local laws, regulations and customs in foreign               
     jurisdictions;                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                            
  •  differing legal and court systems, including limited or unfavorable intellectual property protection;  
                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
     unstable political and economic conditions whatever the cause, including pandemics, impacts from the United   
  •  Kingdom’s withdrawal from the EU (commonly referred to as “Brexit”), tariffs, trade wars, local or global     
     recessions, or long-term environmental risks;                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
     international political or social unrest or economic instability, including U.S.-China tensions, and other    
  •  political, security, or economic tensions between countries in which we do business or which serve as         
     sources for our and our Roku TV brand partners’ products and components;                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •  adverse tax consequences such as those related to changes in tax laws or tax rates or their interpretations   
     could impact our judgment in determining our tax provision and effective tax rate;                            
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
     the imposition of customs duties on cross-border data flows for streaming services, which are currently       
  •  prohibited under the WTO’s e-commerce moratorium, but could be permitted if certain WTO Members continue to   
     oppose extension of the moratorium when it is considered at the WTO’s MC-12 Ministerial Meeting, which is     
     scheduled to take place in late 2021;                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
     digital services taxes, which have been imposed or are under consideration by several European and other      
  •  countries, which would lead to taxes on certain digital services even though the providers would not be       
     subject to tax under existing international tax rules and treaties;                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
     the COVID-19 pandemic or any other pandemics or epidemics could result in decreased economic activity in      
  •  certain markets, decreased use of our products or platform, or in our decreased ability to import, export,    
     ship, or sell our products to supply such services to existing or new customers in international markets;     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •  fluctuations in currency exchange rates could impact our revenue and expenses of our international            
     operations and expose us to foreign currency exchange rate risk;                                              
                                                                                                                   
                                                                               
  •  restrictions on the repatriation of earnings from certain jurisdictions;  
                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
     future possible changes in U.S. regulations on exports of U.S. technologies, dealings with certain countries  
  •  or parties, or the ability of our suppliers or licensees to continue to source certain imported products,     
     inputs, or components, because of expanding U.S. export controls, sanctions, and import restrictions on       
     China and Hong Kong;                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
     future possible restrictions on imports, installation or procurement of products and services from certain    
  •  countries, including China, that are associated with securing the U.S. supply chain (including the            
     information and communication technology and services supply chain) from potential threats involving certain  
     high-risk jurisdictions; and                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                   
  •  working capital constraints.  
                                   
If we invest substantial time and resources to expand our international operations and are unable to do so
successfully and in a timely manner, our business and financial condition may be harmed.

Our revenue and gross profit are subject to seasonality and if our sales during the holiday season fall below our
expectations, our business may be harmed.

Seasonal consumer shopping patterns significantly affect our business. Specifically, our revenue and gross profit
are traditionally strongest in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and represent a high percentage of the total
net revenue for such fiscal year due to higher consumer purchases and increased advertising during holiday seasons.
Furthermore, a significant percentage of our player sales through retailers in the fourth quarter are pursuant to
committed sales agreements with retailers for which we recognize significant discounts in the average selling
prices in the third quarter in an effort to grow our active accounts, which will reduce our player gross margin.

Given the seasonal nature of advertising and our device sales, accurate forecasting is critical to our operations.
We anticipate that this seasonal impact on revenue and gross profit is likely to continue, and any shortfall in
expected fourth quarter revenue due to a decline in the effectiveness of our promotional activities, actions by our
competitors, disruptions in
                                                        50                                                         
our supply or distribution chains, tariffs or other restrictions on trade,shippingor air freight delays,or for any
other reason, would cause our full year results of operations to suffer significantly. For example, delays or
disruptions at U.S. ports of entry could adversely affect our or our distributors’ ability to timely deliver
players and co-branded Roku TV models to retailers during the holiday season. A substantial portion of our expenses
are personnel related, including salaries, stock-based compensation and benefits, and facilities related none of
which are seasonal in nature. Accordingly, in the event of a revenue shortfall, we would be unable to mitigate the
negative impact on gross profit and operating margins, at least in the short term, and our business would be
harmed.

If we fail to attract and retain key personnel, effectively manage succession, or hire, develop, and motivate our
employees, we may not be able to execute our business strategy or continue to grow our business.

Our success depends in large part on our ability to attract and retain key personnel on our senior management team
and in our engineering, research and development, sales and marketing, operations and other organizations. In
particular, our founder, President and Chief Executive Officer, Anthony Wood, is critical to our overall
management, as well as the continued development of our devices and streaming platform, our culture and our
strategic direction. We do not have long-term employment or non-competition agreements with any of our key
personnel. The loss of one or more of our executive officers or the inability to promptly identify a suitable
successor to a key role could have an adverse effect on our business.

Our ability to compete and grow depends in large part on the efforts and talents of our employees. Our employees,
particularly engineers and other product developers, are in high demand, and we devote significant resources to
identifying, hiring, training, successfully integrating and retaining these employees. Because we face significant
competition for personnel, particularly in the San Francisco Bay Area where our headquarters is located, to attract
top talent, we have had to offer, and believe we will need to continue to offer, competitive compensation packages
before we can validate the productivity of those employees. In addition, the recent move by companies to offer a
remote or hybrid work environment may increase the competition for such employees from employers outside of our
traditional office locations. To retain employees, we also may need to increase our employee compensation levels in
response to competition. The loss of employees or the inability to hire additional skilled employees necessary to
support our growth could result in significant disruptions to our business, and the integration of replacement
personnel could be time-consuming and expensive and cause disruptions.

We believe a critical component to our success and our ability to retain our best people is our culture. As we
continue to grow, we may find it difficult to maintain our entrepreneurial, execution-focused culture. In addition,
many of our employees may be able to receive significant proceeds from sales of our equity in the public markets,
which may reduce their motivation to continue to work for us. Moreover, the equity ownership of many of our
employees could create disparities in wealth among our employees, which may harm our culture and relations among
employees and our business.

We need to maintain operational and financial systems that can support our expected growth, increasingly complex
business arrangements, and rules governing revenue and expense recognition and any inability or failure to do so
could adversely affect our financial reporting, billing and payment services.

We have a complex business that is growing in size and complexity both in the United States and in international
jurisdictions. To manage our growth and our increasingly complex business operations, especially as we move into
new markets internationally or acquire new businesses, we will need to maintain and may need to upgrade our
operational and financial systems and procedures, which requires management time and may result in significant
additional expense. Our business arrangements with our content partners, advertisers, Roku TV brand partners and
other licensees, and the rules that govern revenue and expense recognition in our business are increasingly
complex. To manage the expected growth of our operations and increasing complexity, we must maintain operational
and financial systems, procedures and controls and continue to increase systems automation to reduce reliance on
manual operations. An inability to do so will negatively affect our financial reporting, billing and payment
services. Our current and planned systems, procedures and controls may not be adequate to support our complex
arrangements and the rules governing revenue and expense recognition for our future operations and expected growth.
Delays or problems associated with any improvement or expansion of our operational and financial systems and
controls could adversely affect our relationships with our users, content publishers, advertisers, advertisement
agencies, Roku TV brand partners, or other licensees; cause harm to our reputation and brand; and could also result
in errors in our financial and other reporting.

We may pursue acquisitions, which involve a number of risks, and if we are unable to address and resolve these
risks successfully, such acquisitions could harm our business.

We have in the past and may in the future acquire businesses, products or technologies to expand our offerings and
capabilities, user base and business. We have evaluated, and expect to continue to evaluate, a wide array of
potential strategic
                                                        51                                                         
transactions; however, we have limited experience completing or integrating acquisitions. Any acquisition could be
material to our financial condition and results of operations, and any anticipated benefits from an acquisition may
never materialize. Acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of
debt, which could adversely affect our operating results, may cause unfavorable accounting treatment, may expose us
to claims and disputes by third parties, including intellectual property claims, and may not generate sufficient
financial returns to offset additional costs and expenses related to the acquisitions. In addition, the process of
integrating acquired businesses, products or technologies may create unforeseen operating difficulties and
expenditures, in particular when the acquired businesses, products or technologies involve areas of operation in
which we have limited or no prior experience. Acquisitions of businesses, products or technologies in international
markets would involve additional risks, including those related to integration of operations across different
cultures and languages, currency risks and the particular economic,politicaland regulatory risks associated with
specific countries. We may not be able to address these risks successfully, or at all, without incurring
significant costs,delaysor other operational problems and if we were unable to address such risks successfully our
business could be harmed.

We have outstanding debt and our credit facility provides our lender with a first-priority lien against
substantially all of our assets and contains financial covenants and other restrictions on our actions that may
limit our operational flexibility or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition.*

We entered into a credit agreement among us, as borrower, the lenders and issuing banks from time to time party
thereto, and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., or the Agent providing for a (i) a four-year revolving credit
facility in the aggregate principal amount of up to $100.0 million, (the “Revolving Credit Facility”), (ii) a four-
year delayed draw term loan A facility in the aggregate principal amount of up to $100.0 million, (the “Term Loan A
Facility”) and (iii) an uncommitted incremental facility subject to certain conditions (collectively, the “Credit
Agreement”). The Credit Agreement contains a number of affirmative and negative covenants, which may restrict our
current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to certain changes in our business or industry
or take future actions. The Credit Agreement also contains a financial covenant requiring us to maintain a minimum
adjusted quick ratio of at least 1.00 to 1.00, tested as of the last day of any fiscal quarter on the basis of the
prior period of our four consecutive fiscal quarters. Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, we granted the Agent a
security interest in substantially all of our assets. See the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Senior Secured Term Loan A and
Revolving Credit Facilities.”

In November 2019, we borrowed an aggregate principal amount of $100.0 million from the Term Loan A Facility and in
March 2020, we borrowed an aggregate principal amount of$69.3 million of revolving loans pursuant to the Revolving
Credit Facility. In May 2020, weentered intoan Equity Distribution Agreement with Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and
Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as sales agents, pursuant to which we sold 4.0 million shares of our Class A common
stock at an average selling price of $126.01 per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of $504.0 million, a portion
of which was used to repay the$69.3 million outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility. In March 2021,
weentered intoan Equity Distribution Agreement with Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and
Evercore Group L.L.C., as sales agents, pursuant to which we sold 2.6 million shares of our Class A common stock at
an average selling price of $379.26, for aggregate gross proceeds of $1,000.0 million. We also have outstanding
letters of credit as of June 30, 2021 totaling $30.8 million against the Revolving Credit Facility.

As of June 30, 2021, we were in compliance with all of the financial covenants of the Credit Agreement. However, if
we fail to comply with the covenants, make payments as specified in the Credit Agreement, or undergo any other
event of default contained in the Credit Agreement, the Agent could declare an event of default, which would give
it the right to terminate the commitments to provide additional loans and declare any borrowings outstanding,
together with accrued and unpaid interest and fees, to be immediately due and payable. In addition, the Agent would
have the right to proceed against the assets we provided as collateral pursuant to the Credit Agreement. If the
outstanding debt under the Credit Agreement is accelerated, we may not have sufficient cash or be able to sell
sufficient assets to repay it, which would harm our business and financial condition.

When we borrowed pursuant to the Revolving Credit Facility, we chose a variable interest rate based on London
Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) as the benchmark for establishing the applicable interest rate. LIBOR is currently
calculated and published for various currencies and periods by the benchmark’s administrator, ICE Benchmark
Administration Limited (“IBA”), which is regulated for such purposes by the United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct
Authority. On March 5, 2021, the IBA confirmed that it would cease the publication of the one-week and two-month
U.S. dollar LIBOR settings immediately following the LIBOR publication on December 31, 2021, and the U.S. dollar
LIBOR settings (overnight and 12 months) immediately following the LIBOR publication on June 30, 2023.
                                                        52                                                         
Accordingly, in the near future LIBOR will cease being a widely used benchmark interest rate. The current and any
future reforms and other pressures may cause LIBOR to be replaced with a new benchmark or to perform differently
than in the past, including during the transition period.The consequencesof the developments cannot be entirely
predicted and could have an adverse impact on the value of our LIBOR-linked financial obligations, such as an
increase in the cost of our Credit Agreement indebtedness.

We may require additional capital to meet our financial obligations and support planned business growth, and this
capital might not be available on acceptable terms or at all.*

We intend to continue to make significant investments to support planned business growth and may require additional
funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new devices and enhance our streaming
platform, continue to expand the content on our platform, maintain adequate levels of inventory to support our
retail partners’ demand requirements, improve our operating infrastructure or acquire complementary businesses,
personnel and technologies. Our primary uses of cash include operating costs such as personnel-related expenses and
capital spending. Our future capital requirements may vary materially from those currently planned and will depend
on many factors including our growth rate and the continuing market acceptance of our streaming platform, the Roku
OS and players along with the timing and effort related to the introduction of new platform features, players,
hiring of experienced personnel, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, as well as overall economic
conditions.

We may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. If we raise additional funds through
future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our then existing stockholders could suffer significant
dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of
holders of our Class A common stock. Any debt financing we secure could involve additional restrictive covenants
relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more
difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential
acquisitions. If we were to violate such restrictive covenants, we could incur penalties, increased expenses and an
acceleration of the payment terms of our outstanding debt, which could in turn harm our business.

We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain
adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support
our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business may be
harmed.

Risks Related to Cybersecurity, Reliability, and Data Privacy

Significant disruptions of our information technology systems or data security incidents could harm our reputation,
cause us to modify our business practices and otherwise adversely affect our business and subject us to liability.*

We are increasingly dependent on information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business. In the
ordinary course of our business, we collect, store, process and transmit large amounts of sensitive corporate,
personal and other information, including intellectual property, proprietary business information, user payment
card information, other user information and other confidential information. It is critical that we do so in a
secure manner to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of such information. Our obligations
under applicable laws, regulations, contracts, industry standards, self-certifications, and other documentation may
include maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and availability of personal information in our possession or
control, maintaining reasonable and appropriate security safeguards as part of an information security program, and
limits on the use and/or cross-border transfer of such personal information. These obligations create potential
legal liability to regulators, our business partners, our users, and other relevant stakeholders and also impact
the attractiveness of our subscription service to existing and potential users.

We have outsourced certain elements of our operations (including elements of our information technology
infrastructure) to third parties, or may have incorporated technology into our platform, that collects, processes,
transmits and stores our users’ or others’ personal information (such as payment card information) and as a result,
we manage a number of third-party vendors who may or could have access to our information technology systems
(including our computer networks) or to our confidential information. In addition, many of those third parties in
turn subcontract or outsource some of their responsibilities to third parties. As a result, our information
technology systems, including the functions of third parties that are involved or have access to those systems, are
very large and complex. While all information technology operations are inherently vulnerable to inadvertent or
intentional security breaches, incidents, attacks and exposures, the size, complexity, accessibility and
distributed nature of our information technology systems, and the large amounts of sensitive or personal
information stored on those systems, make such systems vulnerable to unintentional or malicious, internal and
external threats on our technology environment. Vulnerabilities can be exploited from inadvertent or intentional
actions of our
                                                        53                                                         
employees, third-party vendors, business partners, or by malicious third parties. For example, despite our efforts
to secure our information technology systems and the data contained in those systems, includingourefforts to
educate or train our employees, we have experienced, and remain vulnerable to, data security incidents including
phishing attacks and improper employee access of confidential data. Malicious attacks are increasing in their
frequency, levels of persistence,sophisticationand intensity, and are being conducted by sophisticated and
organized groups and individuals with a wide range of motives (including, but not limited to, industrial espionage)
and expertise, including organized criminal groups, “hacktivists,” nation states and others.

Although we have, and may in the future, implement remote working protocols and offer work-issued devices to
employees, the actions of our employees while working remotely may have a greater effect on the security of our
systems and the data we process, including by increasing the risk of compromise to our systems, intellectual
property, or data arising from employees’ combined personal and private use of devices, accessing our systems or
data using wireless networks that we do not control, or the ability to transmit or store company-controlled data
outside of our secured network. These risks have been heightened by the dramatic increase in the numbers of our
employees who have been and are continuing to work from home as a result of government guidelines and internal
policies adopted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.

In addition to the threat of unauthorized access or acquisition of sensitive or personal information or
intellectual property, other threats include the deployment of harmful malware, ransomware attacks, denial-of-
service (“DoS”) attacks, social engineering and other means to affect service reliability and threaten the
confidentiality, integrity and availability of information. Some of these external threats may be amplified by the
nature of our third-party web hosting, cloud computing, or network-dependent streaming services or suppliers. Our
systems experience directed attacks on at least a periodic basis that are intended to interrupt our operations;
interrupt our users’, content publishers’ and advertisers’ ability to access our platform; extract money from us;
and/or view or obtain our data (including without limitation user or employee personal information or proprietary
information) or intellectual property. Although we have implemented certain systems, processes, and safeguards
intended to protect our information technology systems and data from such threats and mitigate risks to our systems
and data, we cannot be certain that threat actors will not have a material impact on our systems or services in the
future. Our safeguards intended to prevent or mitigate certain threats may not be sufficient to protect our
information technology systems and data due to the developing sophistication and means of attack in the threat
landscape. Recent developments in the threat landscape include an increased number of cyber extortion and
ransomware attacks, with increases in the amount of ransom demands and the sophistication and variety of ransomware
techniques and methodology. Additionally, our third-party vendors or business partners’ information technology
systems, or hardware/software provided by such third parties for use in our information technology systems, may be
vulnerable to similar threats and our business could be affected by those or similar third-party relationships.

We maintain insurance policies to cover certain losses relating to our information technology systems. However,
there may be exceptions to our insurance coverage such that our insurance policies may not cover some or all
aspects of a security incident. Even where an incident is covered by our insurance, the insurance limits may not
cover the costs of complete remediation and redress that we may be faced with in the wake of a security incident.
The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds our available insurance coverage, or
results in changes to our insurance policies (including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or
co-insurance requirements), could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, we cannot be sure that our
existing insurance coverage and coverage for errors and omissions will continue to be available on acceptable terms
or that our insurers will not deny coverage as to any future claim. Though it is difficult to determine what harm
may directly result from any specific interruption or breach, any failure to maintain performance, reliability,
security and availability of our network infrastructure to the satisfaction of our users, business partners,
regulators or other relevant stakeholders may harm our reputation and our ability to retain existing users and
attract new users. Because of our prominence in the TV streaming industry, we believe we may be a particularly
attractive target for threat actors. Our platform also incorporates licensed software from third parties, including
open-source software, and we may also be vulnerable to attacks that focus on such third-party software. Any
attempts by threat actors to disrupt our platform, our streaming devices, website, computer systems or our mobile
apps, if successful, could harm our business, subject us to liability, be expensive to remedy, cause harm to our
systems and operations and damage our reputation. Efforts to prevent threat actors from entering our computer
systems or exploiting vulnerabilities in our devices are expensive to implement and may not be effective in
detecting or preventing intrusion or vulnerabilities. Such unauthorized access to our data could damage our
reputation and our business and could expose us to the risk of contractual damages, litigation and regulatory fines
and penalties that could harm our business. The risk of harm to our business caused by security incidents may also
increase as we expand our product and service offerings and as we enter into new markets. Implementing,
maintaining, and updating security safeguards requires substantial resources now and will likely be an increasing
and substantial cost in the future.
                                                        54                                                         
Significant disruptions of our third-party vendors’ and/or commercial partners’ information technology systems or
other similar data security incidents could adversely affect our business operations and/or result in the loss,
misappropriation, and/or unauthorized access, use or disclosure of, or the prevention of access to, sensitive or
personal information, which could harm our business. In addition, information technology system disruptions,
whether from attacks on our technology environment or from computer viruses, natural disasters, terrorism, war and
telecommunication and electrical failures, could result in a material disruption of our product development and our
business operations.

There is no way of knowing with certainty whether we have experienced any data security incidents that have not
been discovered. While we have no reason to believe that we have experienced a data security incident that we have
not discovered, attackers have become very sophisticated in the way they conceal their unauthorized access to
systems, and many companies that have been attacked are not aware that they have been attacked. Any event that
leads to unauthorized access, use or disclosure of personal information, including but not limited to personal
information regarding our users, could disrupt our business, harm our reputation, compel us to comply with
applicable federal and/or state breach notification laws and foreign law equivalents, subject us to time consuming,
distracting and expensive litigation, regulatory investigation and oversight, mandatory corrective action, require
us to verify the correctness of database contents, or otherwise subject us to liability under laws, regulations and
contractual obligations, including those that protect the privacy and security of personal information. This could
result in increased costs to us and result in significant legal and financial exposure and/or reputational harm.
For example, in the wake of a data breach involving payment card data, we may be subject to substantial penalties
and related enforcement for failure to adhere to the technical or operational security requirements of the Payment
Card Industry (“PCI”) Data Security Standards (“DSS”) imposed by the PCI Council to protect cardholder data.
Penalties arising from PCI DSS enforcement are inherently uncertain as penalties may be imposed by various entities
within the payment card processing chain without regard to any statutory or universally mandated framework. Such
enforcement could threaten our relationship with our banks, card brands we do business with, and our third-party
payment processors.

In addition, any actual or perceived failure by us or our vendors or business partners to comply with our privacy,
confidentiality or data security-related legal or other obligations to third parties, or any further security
incidents or other unauthorized access events that result in the unauthorized access, release or transfer of
sensitive information, which could include personal information, may result in governmental investigations,
enforcement actions, regulatory fines, litigation, or public statements against us by advocacy groups or others,
and could cause third parties, including current and potential partners, to lose trust in us including existing or
potential users’ perceiving our platform, system or networks as less desirable or we could be subject to claims by
third parties that we have breached our privacy- or confidentiality-related obligations, which could materially and
adversely affect our business and prospects. There can be no assurance that the limitations of liability in our
contracts would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from liabilities or damages. Moreover,
data security incidents and other inappropriate access can be difficult to detect, and any delay in identifying
them may lead to increased harm of the type described above. While we have implemented security measures intended
to protect our information technology systems and infrastructure, as well as the personal and proprietary
information that we possess or control, there can be no assurance that such measures will successfully prevent
service interruptions or further security incidents. Data protection laws around the world often require
“reasonable,” “appropriate” or “adequate” technical and organizational security measures, and the interpretation
and application of those laws are often uncertain and evolving, and there can be no assurance that our security
measures will be deemed adequate, appropriate or reasonable by a regulator or court. Moreover, even security
measures that are deemed appropriate, reasonable, and/or in accordance with applicable legal requirements may not
be able to protect the information we maintain. In addition to potential fines, we could be subject to mandatory
corrective action due to a data security incident, which could adversely affect our business operations and result
in substantial costs for years to come.

We and our service providers collect, process, transmit and store the personal information of our users, which
creates legal obligations and exposes us to potential liability.*

We collect, process, transmit and store information about a variety of individuals including our users and their
devices, and rely on third party service providers to collect, process, transmit and store personal information of
our users, including our users’ payment card data. Further, we and our service providers as well as business
partners use tracking technologies, including cookies, device identifiers and related technologies, to help us
manage and track our users’ interactions with our platform, devices, website and partners’ content to deliver
relevant advertising and personalized content for ourselves and on behalf of our partners on our devices.

We collect information about the interaction of users with our platform, devices, website, advertisements, and
content publishers’ streaming channels. To deliver relevant advertisements effectively, we must successfully
leverage this data as well as data provided by third parties. Our ability to collect and use such data could be
restricted by a number of factors, including users having the ability to refuse consent to or opt out from our, our
service providers’ or our advertising partners’
                                                        55                                                         
collection and use of this data, restrictions imposed by advertisers, content publishers and service providers,
changes in technology, and developments in laws,regulationsand industry standards. For example, certain EU laws and
regulations prohibit access to or storage of information on a user’s device (such as cookies and similar
technologies that we use for advertising) that is not “strictly necessary” to provide a user-requested service or
used for the “sole purpose” of a transmission unless the user has provided unambiguous, affirmative consent, and
users may choose not to provide this consent to collection of information which is used for advertising purposes.
Additionally, certain device manufacturers or operating system providers may restrict the deployment of cookies and
similar technologies, or otherwise restrict the collection of personal information through these or other tools,
via our applications. Any restrictions on our ability to collect or use data could harm our ability to grow our
revenue, particularly our platform revenue which depends on engaging the relevant recipients of advertising
campaigns.

Various federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations as well as industry standards and contractual obligations
govern the collection, use, retention, cross-border transfer, localization, sharing and security of the data we
receive from and about our users, employees and other individuals. The regulatory environment for the collection
and use of personal information by device manufacturers, online service providers, content distributors,
advertisers and publishers is evolving in the United States and internationally. Privacy groups and government
bodies, including the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”), state attorneys general, the European Commission and
European data protection authorities, have increasingly scrutinized privacy issues with respect to devices that
identify or are identifiable to a person (or household or device) and personal information collected through the
internet, and we expect such scrutiny to continue to increase. The United States, U.S. states, and foreign
governments have enacted and are considering laws and regulations that could significantly restrict industry
participants’ ability to collect, use and share personal information, such as by regulating the level of consumer
notice and consent required before a company can place cookies or other tracking technologies. For example, the EU
General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) became effective in May 2018 and imposes detailed requirements related
to the collection, storage and use of personal information related to people located in the EU or which is
processed in the context of EU operations and places new data protection obligations and restrictions on
organizations and may require us to make further changes to our policies and procedures in the future beyond what
we have already done. In the wake of Brexit, the United Kingdom has adopted a framework similar to the GDPR (the
“UK GDPR”), although additional data protection requirements may be imposed under local laws. The EU has recently
confirmed that the UK framework as being ‘adequate’ to receive EU personal data.

We made changes to our data protection compliance program to prepare for the GDPR and will continue to monitor the
implementation and evolution of data protection regulations, but if we are not compliant with GDPR or other data
protection laws or regulations if and when implemented, we may be subject to significant fines and penalties (such
as restrictions on personal information processing) and our business may be harmed. For example, under the GDPR,
fines of up to EUR 20 million or 4% of the annual global revenue of a noncompliant company, whichever is greater,
as well as data processing restrictions could be imposed for violation of certain of the GDPR’s requirements. Data
protection laws continue to proliferate throughout the world and such laws likely apply to our business. For
example, Brazil’s General Data Protection Law (“LGPD”) came into effect in August 2020. The LGPD bears many
substantive similarities to the GDPR such as extra-territorial reach, enhanced privacy rights for individuals, data
transfer restrictions and mandatory breach notification obligations. It carries penalties of up to 2% of a
company’s Brazilian revenue.

The U.S. data protection legal landscape also continues to evolve, with states such as California and Nevada having
enacted broad-based data privacy and protection legislation and with states and the federal government continuing
to consider additional data privacy and protection legislation. The potential effects of this legislation are far-
reaching and may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and
expenses in an effort to comply. Effective October 2019, Nevada amended its existing Security of Personal
Information Law (“SPI Law”) to require, among other things, that certain businesses provide a designated request
address to intake requests from consumers to opt out of the sale of their personal data. Effective January 2020,
the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) gives California residents certain rights with respect to their
personal information such as rights to access and require deletion of their personal information, opt out of the
sale of their personal information, and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used.
The CCPA also provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for data breaches
that may increase data breach litigation. In November 2020, the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”) was passed
into law and goes into effect on January 1, 2023 (with a ‘look-back’ to January 1, 2022). The CPRA builds on the
CCPA and among other things, requires the establishment of a dedicated agency to regulate consumer privacy issues.
In 2021, Virginia and Colorado adopted laws introducing new privacy obligations for which we may need to take
additional steps to comply.
                                                        56                                                         
We are continuing to assess the impact of new and proposed data privacy and protection laws and proposed amendments
to existing laws on our business. Such restrictions could, for example, limit our ability to supply targeted
advertising and thus negatively impact our business.

Applicable data privacy and security laws may also obligate us to employ security measures that are appropriate to
the nature of the data we collect and process and, among other factors, the risks attendant to our data processing
activities in order to protect personal information from unauthorized access or disclosure, or accidental or
unlawful destruction, loss, or alteration. We have implemented security measures that we believe are appropriate,
but a regulator could deem our security measures not to be appropriate given the lack of prescriptive measures in
certain data protection laws. Given the evolving nature of security threats and evolving safeguards, we cannot be
sure that our chosen safeguards will protect against security threats to our business including the personal
information that we process. However, even security measures that are appropriate, reasonable, and/or in accordance
with applicable legal requirements may not be able to fully protect our information technology systems and the data
contained in those systems, or our data that is contained in third parties’ systems. Moreover, certain data
protection laws impose on us responsibility for our employees and third parties that assist with aspects of our
data processing. Our employees’ or third parties’ intentional, unintentional, or inadvertent actions may increase
our vulnerability or expose us to security threats, such as phishing attacks, and we may remain responsible for
successful access, acquisition or other disclosure of our data despite the quality and legal sufficiency of our
security measures.

As part of our data protection compliance program, we have implemented data transfer mechanisms to provide for the
transfer of personal information from the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) or the United Kingdom to the United
States. However, there are certain unsettled legal issues regarding the adequacy of data transfers to the United
States, the resolution of which may adversely affect our ability to transfer personal information from the EEA to
the United States. On July 16, 2020, the European Court of Justice (the highest EU Court) ruled the EU-US Privacy
Shield to be an invalid data transfer mechanism, confirmed that the Model Clauses remain valid, and left
unaddressed some issues regarding supplementary measures that may need to be taken to support transfers. We are
currently assessing the available regulatory guidance from EU Data Protection Authorities and the US Department of
Commerce on the impact of this ruling on broader international data transfer compliance for companies, including
finalized guidance on specific supplementary measures that all companies would be required to implement in addition
to the Model Clauses. In June 2021, the European Commission published updated versions of the Model Clauses, which
must be incorporated into new and existing agreements within prescribed timeframes in order to continue to lawfully
transfer personal information outside of the EEA. The UK is expected to publish their own versions of Model Clauses
during 2021. Updating agreements to incorporate these new Model Clauses may require significant time and resources
to implement, including through adjusting our operations, conducting requisite data transfer assessments, and
revising our contracts. Our ability to continue to transfer personal information outside of the EU may become
significantly more costly and may subject us to increased scrutiny and liability under the GDPR, and we may
experience operating disruptions if we are unable to conduct these transfers in the future. In addition, cloud
service providers upon which our services depend are experiencing heightened scrutiny from EU regulators, which may
lead to significant shifts or unavailability of cloud services to transfer personal information outside the EU,
which may significantly impact our costs or ability to operate.

We will continue to review our business practices and may find it necessary or desirable to make changes to our
personal information processing to cause our transfer and receipt of EEA residents’ personal information to conform
to applicable European law. The regulation of data privacy in the EU continues to evolve, and it is not possible to
predict the ultimate effect of evolving data protection regulation and implementation over time. Member states also
have some flexibility to supplement the GDPR with their own laws and regulations and may apply stricter
requirements for certain data processing activities.

In addition, some countries are considering or have enacted ‘data localization’ laws requiring that user data
regarding users in their country be maintained, stored, and/or processed in their country. Maintaining local data
centers in individual countries could increase our operating costs significantly. We expect that, in addition to
the “business as usual” costs of compliance, the evolving regulatory interpretation and enforcement of laws such as
the GDPR and CCPA, as well as other domestic and foreign data protection laws, will lead to increased operational
and compliance costs and will require us to continually monitor and, where necessary, make changes to our
operations, policies, and procedures. Any failure or perceived failure to comply with privacy-related legal
obligations, or any compromise of security of user data, may result in governmental enforcement actions,
litigation, contractual indemnity or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others. In
addition to potential liability, these events could harm our business.

We publish privacy policies, notices and other documentation regarding our collection, processing, use and
disclosure of personal information, credit card information and/or other confidential information. Although we
endeavor to comply with
                                                        57                                                         
our published policies, certifications, and documentation, we may at times fail to do so or may be perceived to
have failed to do so. Moreover, despite our efforts, we may not be successful in achieving compliance if our
employees or vendors fail to comply with our published policies, certifications, and documentation. Such failures
can subject us to potential international, local,stateand federal action if they are found to be deceptive, unfair,
or misrepresentative of our actual practices.

We have incurred, and will continue to incur, expenses to comply with privacy and security standards and protocols
imposed by law, regulation, industry standards and contractual obligations. Increased regulation of data
collection, use and security practices, including self-regulation and industry standards, changes in existing laws,
enactment of new laws, increased enforcement activity, and changes in interpretation of laws, could increase our
cost of compliance and operation, limit our ability to grow our business or otherwise harm our business.

Our actual or perceived failure to adequately protect personal information and confidential information that we (or
our service providers or business partners) collect, store or process could trigger contractual and legal
obligations, harm our reputation, subject us to liability and otherwise adversely affect our business including our
financial results.

In the ordinary course of our business, we collect, store and process personal information (including payment card
information) and/or other confidential information of our employees, our partners, and our users. We use third-
party service providers and subprocessors to help us deliver our services. These vendors may store or process
personal information, payment card information and/or other confidential information of our employees, our
partners, or our users. We collect such information from individuals located both in the United States and abroad
and may store or process such information outside the country in which it was collected.

A variety of state, national, and foreign laws and regulations apply to the collection, use, retention, protection,
disclosure, security, transfer, cross-border transfer, localization, and other processing of personal information.
These privacy and data protection-related laws and regulations are evolving, with new or modified laws and
regulations proposed and implemented frequently and existing laws and regulations subject to new or different
interpretations. In addition, each state and the District of Columbia, Guam, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands,
EU member states, and the United Kingdom, as well as some other foreign nations, have passed laws requiring
notification to regulatory authorities, to affected users, and/or others within a specific timeframe when there has
been a security breach involving certain personal information as well as impose additional obligations for
companies. Additionally, our agreements with certain users or partners may require us to notify them in the event
of a security breach. Such statutory and contractual disclosures are costly, could lead to negative publicity, may
cause our users to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures and require us to expend
significant capital and other resources to respond to and/or alleviate problems caused by the actual or perceived
security breach. Compliance with these obligations could delay or impede the development of new products and may
cause reputational harm.

Litigation resulting from security breaches may adversely affect our business. Unauthorized access to our platform,
systems, networks, or physical facilities could result in litigation with our users or other relevant stakeholders.
These proceedings could force us to spend money in defense or settlement, divert management’s time and attention,
increase our costs of doing business, and/or adversely affect our reputation. We could be required to fundamentally
change our business activities and practices or modify our products and/or platform capabilities in response to
such litigation, which could have an adverse effect on our business. Any actual or perceived inability to
adequately protect the privacy of individuals’ information in our possession, custody or control may render our
products or services less desirable and could harm our reputation and business. Any costs incurred as a result of
this potential liability could harm our business.

Any significant disruption in our computer systems or those of third parties we utilize in our operations could
result in a loss or degradation of service on our platform and could harm our business.

We rely on the expertise of our engineering and software development teams for the performance and operation of the
Roku OS, streaming platform and computer systems. Service interruptions, errors in our software or the
unavailability of computer systems used in our operations could diminish the overall attractiveness of our devices
and streaming platform to existing and potential users. We utilize computer systems located either in our
facilities or those of third-party server hosting providers and third-party internet-based or cloud computing
services. Although we generally enter into service level agreements with these parties, we exercise no control over
their operations, which makes us vulnerable to any errors, interruptions or delays that they may experience. In the
future, we may transition additional features of our services from our managed hosting systems to cloud computing
services, which may require significant expenditures and engineering resources. If we are unable to manage such a
transition effectively, we may experience operational delays and inefficiencies until the transition is complete.
Upon the expiration or termination of any of our agreements with third-party vendors, we may not be able to replace
their services in a timely manner or on terms and conditions, including service levels and cost, that are favorable
to us, and a transition from one vendor to another vendor could subject us to operational delays and
                                                        58                                                         
inefficiencies until the transition is complete. In addition, fires, floods, earthquakes, power losses,
telecommunications failures,break-insand similar events could damage these systems and hardware or cause them to
fail completely. As we do not maintain entirely redundant systems, a disrupting event could result in prolonged
downtime of our operations and could adversely affect our business. Any disruption in the services provided by
these vendors could have adverse impacts on our business reputation, customer relations and operating results.

If any aspect of our computer systems or those of third parties we utilize in our operations fails, it may lead to
downtime or slow processing time, either of which may harm the experience of our users. We have experienced, and
may in the future experience, service disruptions, outages and other performance problems due to a variety of
factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors and capacity constraints. We expect to continue
to invest in our technology infrastructure to maintain and improve the user experience and platform performance. To
the extent that we or our third-party service hosting provider do not effectively address capacity constraints,
upgrade or patch systems as needed and continually develop technology and network architecture to accommodate
increasingly complex services and functions, increasing numbers of users, and actual and anticipated changes in
technology, our business may be harmed.

Changes in how network operators manage data that travel across their networks could harm our business.*

Our business relies upon the ability of our users to access high-quality streaming content through the internet. As
a result, the growth of our business depends on our users’ ability to obtain and maintain low-cost, high-speed
access to the internet, which relies in part on the network operators’ continuing willingness to upgrade and
maintain their equipment as needed to sustain a robust internet infrastructure as well as their continued
willingness to preserve the open and interconnected nature of the internet. We exercise no control over network
operators, which makes us vulnerable to any errors, interruptions or delays in their operations, as well as their
decision to prioritize the delivery of certain network traffic at the expense of other traffic. Any material
disruption or degradation in internet services could harm our business.

To the extent that the number of internet users continues to increase, network congestion could adversely affect
the reliability of our streaming platform. We may also face increased costs of doing business if network operators
engage in discriminatory practices with respect to streamed video content in an effort to monetize access to their
networks or customers by data providers. In the past, internet service providers have attempted to implement usage-
based pricing, bandwidth caps and traffic “shaping” or throttling. To the extent network operators were to create
tiers of internet access service and either charge us for access to these tiers or prohibit our content offerings
from being available on some or all of these tiers, our quality of service could decline, our operating expenses
could increase and our ability to attract and retain users could be impaired, each of which would harm our
business.

In addition, most network operators that provide consumers with access to the internet also provide these consumers
with multichannel video programming, and some network operators also own streaming services. These network
operators have an incentive to use their network infrastructure in a manner adverse to the continued growth and
success of other companies seeking to distribute similar video programming. To the extent that network operators
are able to provide preferential treatment to their own data and content, as opposed to ours, our business could be
harmed.
                                                                                                                   
  Risks Related to Intellectual Property                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
Litigation regarding intellectual property rights could result in the loss of rights important to our devices and
streaming platform, cause us to incur significant legal costs or otherwise harm our business.*

Some internet, technology and media companies, including some of our competitors, own large numbers of patents,
copyrights and trademarks, which they may use to assert claims against us. Third parties have asserted, and may in
the future assert, that we have infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated their intellectual property
rights. As we grow and face increasing competition, the possibility of intellectual property rights claims against
us will grow. Plaintiffs who have no relevant product revenue may not be deterred by our own issued patents and
pending patent applications in bringing intellectual property rights claims against us. The cost of patent
litigation or other proceedings, even if resolved in our favor, has been or could be substantial. Some of our
competitors may be better able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings because of their
substantially greater financial resources. Patent litigation and other proceedings may also require significant
management time and divert management from our business. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and
continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could impair our ability to compete in the marketplace. The
occurrence of any of the foregoing could harm our business.

As a result of intellectual property infringement claims, or to avoid potential claims, we may choose or be
required to seek licenses from third parties. These licenses may not be available on commercially reasonable terms,
or at all. Even if we
                                                        59                                                         
are able to obtain a license, the license would likely obligate us to pay license fees or royalties or both, and
the rights granted to us might be nonexclusive, with the potential for our competitors to gain access to the same
intellectual property. In addition, the rights that we secure under intellectual property licenses may not include
rights to all of the intellectual property owned or controlled by the licensor, and the scope of the licenses
granted to us may not include rights covering all of the products and services provided by us and our licensees.
Furthermore, an adverse outcome of a dispute may require us to pay damages, potentially including treble damages
and attorneys’ fees, if we are found to have willfully infringed a party’s intellectual property; cease making,
licensing or using technologies that are alleged to infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property of others;
expend additional development resources to redesign our products; enter into potentially unfavorable royalty or
license agreements in order to obtain the right to use necessary technologies, content or materials; and to
indemnify our partners and other third parties. For example, we have in the past elected to develop and implement
specific design changes to address potential risks that certain products could otherwise become subject to
exclusion orders arising from patent infringement claims brought in the U.S. International Trade Commission. In
addition, any lawsuits regarding intellectual property rights, regardless of their success, could be expensive to
resolve and would divert the time and attention of our management and technical personnel.

If we fail to, or are unable to, protect or enforce our intellectual property or proprietary rights, our business
and operating results could be harmed.*

We regard the protection of our patents, trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks, trade dress, domain names and other
intellectual property or proprietary rights as critical to our success. We strive to protect our intellectual
property rights by relying on federal, state and common law rights, as well as contractual restrictions. We seek to
protect our confidential proprietary information, in part, by entering into confidentiality agreements and
invention assignment agreements with all of our employees, consultants, contractors, advisors and any third parties
who have access to our proprietary know-how, information or technology. However, we cannot be certain that we have
executed such agreements with all parties who may have helped to develop our intellectual property or who had
access to our proprietary information, nor can we be certain that our agreements will not be breached. Any party
with whom we have executed such an agreement could potentially breach that agreement and disclose our proprietary
information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. We
cannot guarantee that our trade secrets and other confidential proprietary information will not be disclosed or
that competitors will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or independently develop substantially
equivalent information and techniques. Detecting the disclosure or misappropriation of a trade secret and enforcing
a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, time-consuming and could
result in substantial costs and the outcome of such a claim is unpredictable.

Further, the laws of certain foreign countries do not provide the same level of protection of corporate proprietary
information and assets such as intellectual property, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how and records as the laws
of the United States. For instance, the legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing
countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection. As a result, we may
encounter significant problems in protecting and defending our intellectual property or proprietary rights abroad.
Additionally, we may also be exposed to material risks of theft or unauthorized reverse engineering of our
proprietary information and other intellectual property, including technical data, manufacturing processes, data
sets or other sensitive information. Our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights in such foreign
countries may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we
develop, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Moreover, if we are unable to prevent the disclosure of our trade secrets to third parties, or if our competitors
independently develop any of our trade secrets, we may not be able to establish or maintain a competitive advantage
in our market, which could harm our business.

We have filed and will in the future file patent applications on inventions that we deem to be innovative. There is
no guarantee that our patent applications will issue as granted patents, that the scope of the protection gained
will be sufficient or that an issued patent may subsequently be deemed invalid or unenforceable. Patent laws, and
scope of coverage afforded by them, have recently been subject to significant changes, such as the change to
“first-to-file” from “first-to-invent” resulting from the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act. This change in the
determination of inventorship may result in inventors and companies having to file patent applications more
frequently to preserve rights in their inventions, which may favor larger competitors that have the resources to
file more patent applications. Another change to the patent laws may incentivize third parties to challenge any
issued patent in the United States Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”), as opposed to having to bring such an
action in U.S. federal court. Any invalidation of a patent claim could have a significant impact on our ability to
protect the innovations contained within our devices and platform and could harm our business.

The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural,
documentary, fee payment and other provisions to maintain patent applications and issued patents. We may fail to
take the
                                                        60                                                         
necessary actions and to pay the applicable fees to obtain or maintain our patents. Noncompliance with these
requirements can result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete
loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, competitors might be able to use our
technologies and enter the market earlier than would otherwise have been the case.

We pursue the registration of our domain names, trademarks and service marks in the United States and in certain
locations outside the United States. We are seeking to protect our trademarks, patents and domain names in an
increasing number of jurisdictions, a process that is expensive and time-consuming and may not be successful or
which we may not pursue in every jurisdiction in which we conduct business.

Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property or proprietary rights, protect our trade secrets
or determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed by others. Any litigation of this nature,
regardless of outcome or merit, could result in substantial costs, adverse publicity or diversion of management and
technical resources, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. If we fail to
maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual property or proprietary rights, our business may be harmed.

Our use of open source software could impose limitations on our ability to commercialize our devices and our
streaming platform.

We incorporate open source software in our streaming platform. From time to time, companies that incorporate open
source software into their products and services have faced claims challenging the ownership of open source
software and/or compliance with open source license terms. Therefore, we could be subject to suits by parties
claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software or noncompliance with open source licensing terms.
Although we monitor our use of open source software, the terms of many open source software licenses have not been
interpreted by U.S. courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that could impose
unanticipated conditions or restrictions on the sale of our devices. In such event, we could be required to make
our proprietary software generally available to third parties, including competitors, at no cost, to seek licenses
from third parties in order to continue offering our devices, to re-engineer our devices or to discontinue the sale
of our devices in the event re-engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely basis or at all, any of which could
harm our business.

Under our agreements with many of our content publishers, licensees, distributors, retailers, contract
manufacturers and suppliers, we are required to provide indemnification in the event our technology is alleged to
infringe upon the intellectual property rights of third parties.

In certain of our agreements we indemnify our content publishers, licensees, distributors, retailers, manufacturing
partners and suppliers. We have in the past, and may in the future, incur significant expenses defending these
partners if they are sued for patent infringement based on allegations related to our technology. If a partner were
to lose a lawsuit and in turn seek indemnification from us, we also could be subject to significant monetary
liabilities. In addition, because the devices sold by our licensing partners and Roku TV brands often involve the
use of third-party technology, this increases our exposure to litigation in circumstances where there is a claim of
infringement asserted against the streaming device in question, even if the claim does not pertain to our
technology.
                                                                                                                   
  Risks Related to Macroeconomic Conditions                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has impacted our business and we are unable to predict the extent to which the
pandemic and related effects will continue to impact our business.*

Beginning in the first quarter of 2020 and continuing into 2021, there has been widespread global impact from the
COVID-19 pandemic, and our business has been, and will continue to be, impacted by the pandemic and resulting
economic consequences. The spread of COVID-19 has caused us to take precautionary measures intended to help
minimize the risk of the virus to our employees, including work-from-home policies, suspending non-essential
business travel and limiting physical participation in non-essential meetings, events and conferences. We may take
further actions as required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our
employees, TV brand partners, content publishers, advertisers, retail and distribution partners, contract
manufacturers, services vendors and supply chain. There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to
mitigate the risks posed by the COVID-19 pandemic, and a continuation of the extended period of remote work
arrangements could disrupt our business, introduce business and operational risks, including cybersecurity risks,
and could make it more difficult for us to effectively manage our business.
                                                        61                                                         
The COVID-19 pandemic continued to have a mixed impact on our business during the six months ended June 30, 2021.
When staying-at-home restrictions were first issued in the first quarter of 2020, we saw an acceleration in both
streaming hours, which has moderated, and account activations. In our platform segment, during the COVID-19
pandemic we have experienced increases in trials of and subscriptions to SVOD content, growth in the consumption of
AVOD content, and increased purchases oftransaction video on demand(“TVOD”) content. Although we experienced delays
in the start of some video advertising campaigns and an increase in advertising campaign cancellations during the
second quarter of 2020, we believe the COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated the shift of advertising from traditional
TV to streaming TV. We also have encountered supply chain disruptions related to our players that have resulted in
an increase in component prices and elevated air freight costs to replenish inventory and meet increased demand.
Additionally, at times some of our retail partners have had to close or severely limit access to their brick-and-
mortar locations, resulting in reduced sale of devices in these locations. For example, during the 2020 holiday
season our retail partners saw fewer shoppers in their brick-and-mortar locations. Further, our management team has
continued to focus on addressing the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, which has required, and will
continue to require, a significant investment of their time and resources, and has diverted their attention away
from other aspects of our business.

The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic ultimately impacts our business will depend on future developments, which
are uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to: the duration and spread of the outbreak; its
severity; the actions taken by governmental authorities to contain the virus or treat its impacts; the development,
availability and acceptance of effective vaccines; possible variants of the virus that render vaccines ineffective
or decrease their efficacy; and how quickly and to what extent economic and operating conditions normalize. While
vaccines have been developed and administered, and the spread of COVID-19 may eventually be contained or mitigated,
we cannot predict the timing of the vaccine roll-out globally, vaccine acceptance, or the efficacy of such
vaccines, and we do not know how consumers, advertisers, or our partners will operate in a post-COVID-19
environment. For example, in the second quarter of 2021, we believe consumers spent less time streaming TV, which
reduced our streaming hours and the growth rate of our active accounts. These changes may impact our platform
revenue if we experience a decrease in sales of advertising or transactional revenue shares from content
publishers. We also may incur significant operating costs and be exposed to increased liability risks when
employees begin to return to our offices, such as the cost of collecting additional information (including health
and medical information) about our employees, contractors and visitors at our facilities, testing supplies and
personal protective equipment for on-site staff. In addition, with the increase in remote working during the
COVID-19 pandemic and the possible continuation of a hybrid-work environment when our employees return to our
offices, we may not be able to maintain the same level of control over the security of our systems or the personal
information that we collect, store and process, particularly as cyber attackers appear to increasingly attempt to
compromise systems and data in an effort to exploit the pandemic. The ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on
the global supply chain is expected to continue into 2022, and it may continue to result in increased costs and
less availability of materials and components that are needed to manufacture our streaming players and our TV brand
partners’ Roku TV models, as well as increased costs and less availability of freight and warehousing services that
are used in our distribution channels. Furthermore, economic uncertainty may result in the purchase of fewer
streaming devices which could lead to a reduction in account activations and streaming hours, and also could
negatively impact our revenue. An economic downturn or continued economic uncertainty could also impact the overall
financial condition of our TV brand partners, content publishers, advertisers, retailers, contract manufacturers,
services vendors and supply chain, all of whom we depend on in order to operate our business. As a result, the
current level of uncertainty over the economic and operational impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic means the impact on
our business cannot be reasonably estimated at this time.

Natural disasters or other catastrophic events could disrupt and impact our business.

Occurrence of any catastrophic event, including an earthquake, flood, tsunami or other weather event, power loss,
internet failure, software or hardware malfunctions, cyber-attack, war, terrorist attack, medical epidemic or
pandemic (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), other man-made disasters or other catastrophic events could disrupt our
business operations. Any of these business disruptions could require substantial expenditures and recovery time in
order to fully resume operations. In particular, our principal offices are located in California, and our contract
manufacturers and some of our suppliers are located in Asia, both of which are regions known for seismic activity
making our operations in these areas vulnerable to natural disasters or other business disruptions in these areas.
Our insurance coverage may not compensate us for losses that may occur in the event of an earthquake or other
significant natural disaster. In addition, our offices and facilities, and those of our contract manufacturers and
suppliers, could be vulnerable to the effects of climate change (such as sea level rise, drought, flooding,
wildfires and increased storm severity) that could disrupt our business operations. For example, in California,
increasing intensity of drought and annual periods of wildfire danger increase the probability of planned power
outages. Further, acts of terrorism could cause disruptions to the internet or the economy as a whole. If our
streaming platform was to fail or be negatively impacted as a result of a natural disaster or other event, our
ability to deliver streaming content, including advertising, to our users would be impaired. Disruptions in the
operations of our contract manufacturers as
                                                        62                                                         
a result of a disaster or other catastrophic event could delay the manufacture and shipment of our players or other
products, which could impact our business. If we are unable to develop adequate plans to ensure that our business
functions continue to operate during and after a disaster or other catastrophic event and to execute successfully
on those plans in the event of a disaster or catastrophic event, our business would be harmed.
                                                                                                                   
  Legal and Regulatory Risks                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
If government regulations or laws relating to the internet, video, advertising, or other areas of our business
change, we may need to alter the manner in which we conduct our business, or our business could be harmed.

We are subject to general business regulations and laws, as well as regulations and laws specific to the internet
and online services, which may include laws and regulations related to data privacy and security, consumer
protection, data localization, law enforcement access to data, encryption, telecommunications, social media,
payment processing, taxation, intellectual property, competition, electronic contracts, internet access, net
neutrality, advertising, calling and texting, content restrictions, protection of children and accessibility, among
others. We cannot guarantee that we have been or will be fully compliant in every jurisdiction. Litigation and
regulatory proceedings are inherently uncertain, and the laws and regulations governing issues such as data privacy
and security, payment processing, taxation, net neutrality, video, telecommunications, e-commerce tariffs and
consumer protection related to the internet continue to develop. For example, laws relating to the liability of
providers of online services for activities of their users and other third parties have been tested by a number of
claims, including actions based on invasion of privacy and other torts, unfair competition, copyright and trademark
infringement, and other theories based on the nature and content of the materials searched, the advertisements
posted, actions taken or not taken by providers in response to user activity or the content provided by users. The
U.S. Congress has also enacted legislation related to liability of providers of online services and may continue to
legislate in this area. The CCPA and Nevada SPI Law also apply to entities that do business in California and
Nevada, respectively, and impose a number of requirements on internet and online services. Moreover, as internet
commerce and advertising continue to evolve, increasing regulation by federal, state and foreign regulatory
authorities becomes more likely.

As we develop new services and devices, and improve our streaming platform, we may also be subject to new laws and
regulations specific to such technologies. For example, in developing our Roku TV reference design, we were
required to understand, address and comply with an evolving regulatory framework for developing, manufacturing,
marketing and selling TVs. If we fail to adequately address or comply with such regulations regarding the
manufacture and sale of TVs, we may be subject to fines or sanctions, and our licensees may be unable to sell Roku
TV models at all, which would harm our business and our ability to grow our user base.

Laws relating to data privacy and security, data localization, law enforcement access to data, encryption, and
similar activities continue to proliferate, often with little harmonization between jurisdictions and limited
guidance. A number of existing bills are pending in the U.S. Congress and other government bodies that contain
provisions that would regulate, for example, how companies can use cookies and other tracking technologies to
collect, use and share user information. The CCPA also imposes requirements on certain tracking activity. The EU
already has existing laws, which are due for update in 2021, requiring advertisers or companies like ours to, for
example, obtain unambiguous, affirmative consent from users for the placement of cookies or other tracking
technologies and the delivery of relevant advertisements. If we or the third parties that we work with, such as
contract payment processing services, content publishers, vendors or developers violate or are alleged to violate
applicable privacy or security laws, industry standards, our contractual obligations, or our policies, such
violations and alleged violations may also put our users’ information at risk and could in turn harm our business
and reputation and subject us to potential liability. Any of these consequences could cause our users, advertisers
or publishers to lose trust in us, which could harm our business. Furthermore, any failure on our part to comply
with these laws may subject us to liability and reputational harm.

Our use of data to deliver relevant advertising and other services on our platform places us and our content
publishers at risk for claims under various unsettled laws, including the Video Privacy Protection Act (“VPPA”).
Some of our content publishers have been engaged in litigation over alleged violations of the VPPA relating to
activities on our platform in connection with advertising provided by unrelated third parties. The Federal Trade
Commission has also in recent years revised its rules implementing the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
(“COPPA Rules”) broadening the applicability of the COPPA Rules, including the types of information that are
subject to these regulations, and it is currently examining whether additional changes are appropriate. Such
actions could limit the information that we or our content publishers and advertisers may collect and use through
certain content publishers, the content of advertisements and in relation to certain channel partner content. The
CCPA also imposes certain opt in and opt out requirements for certain information about minors. We and our content
publishers and advertisers could be at risk for violation or alleged violation of these and other privacy,
advertising, or similar laws.
                                                        63                                                         
Changes in general economic conditions, geopolitical conditions, U.S. or foreign trade policies and other factors
beyond our control may adversely impact our business and operating results.*

Our business is subject to risks generally associated with doing business abroad, such as U.S. and foreign
governmental regulation in the countries in which our contract manufacturers and component suppliers are located.
Our operations and performance depend significantly on global, regional and U.S. economic and geopolitical
conditions. For example, there has been discussion and dialogue regarding potential significant changes to U.S.
trade policies, legislation, treaties and tariffs. In November 2018, for example, the United States, Mexico, and
Canada signed the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (“USMCA”) which superseded the North American Free Trade
Agreement. The USMCA entered into force on July 1, 2020, although there are some remaining implementation issues
with respect to ensuring that Mexico’s and Canada’s laws and regulations are fully in compliance with the USMCA
obligations and commitments, and there may be further changes to interim regulations regarding customs procedures,
rules of origin, and other provisions that could affect products sourced from Mexico or Canada, and their
eligibility for duty-free entry into the U.S., Mexican, and Canadian markets. In addition, there is a potential
risk of Mexican or Canadian restrictions on OTT advertising and/or local content requirements. While the Office of
the U.S. Trade Representative (“USTR”) has cited Mexico’s proposed restrictions as potential USMCA violations,
these issues remain unresolved and could lead to a protracted USMCA dispute settlement proceeding, creating
uncertainties for our business in both markets.

The previous U.S. Administration threatened tougher trade terms with China, the EU, and other countries, including
the imposition of substantially higher tariffs under Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 (“Section 301”) on
roughly $320 billion of imports from China. In response, China imposed higher Chinese tariffs on a large amount of
U.S. exports to China, which could affect the prices of U.S. origin parts or components of our products assembled
in China. In January 2020, the United States and China signed a “Phase One” trade deal pursuant to which, among
other things, the United States will modify its Section 301 tariff actions. As part of the Phase One agreement, the
United States canceled additional Section 301 duties that were originally scheduled to go into effect in December
2019 on certain imported products, including certain of our products, and reduced the duties on certain other
imported products, including televisions assembled in China by Roku TV brand partners, from 15% ad valorem to 7.5%.
While the new U.S. Administration has promised a detailed review of U.S. policies toward China, it is unclear what
the outcomes of the review will be or whether it could lead to additional U.S. tariffs, export controls, or
sanctions. At this point, there are no signs the U.S. tariffs on imported TVs from China will be removed in the
foreseeable future.

At this time, it is unknown whether the Phase One deal will last or whether there will be sufficient progress on
Phases Two and Three to lead to a further reduction in U.S.-China trade tensions, whether additional Section 301
tariffs will be imposed on Roku products imported from China if the Biden Administration concludes that China has
not complied with its commitments under the Phase One agreement, and, if so, how long U.S. tariffs on Chinese goods
will remain in effect or whether even higher tariffs will be imposed, or new regulatory proposals to restrict trade
will be adopted. The Biden Administration has imposed new sanctions for China’s actions in Hong Kong and Xinjiang
Province, which could lead to additional U.S. and Chinese sanctions or trade restrictions, or a resumption of trade
hostilities, exposing us and our suppliers to increased tariffs or restrictions in the U.S. and Chinese markets. In
addition, the U.S. Administration has restricted imports of products from Xinjiang Province because the goods are
produced with forced labor by workers from Xinjiang or contain inputs or raw materials from there. The U.S.
Congress is considering legislation to further tighten the U.S. restrictions. Given the general deterioration in
U.S.-China relations and ongoing tensions on trade, security, and human rights, additional U.S. sanctions, tariffs,
and export or import restrictions, and Chinese sanctions or retaliatory measures, remain a serious risk. Finally,
there are questions regarding whether international trade agreements will be negotiated or existing free trade
agreements re-negotiated; whether new trade or tariff actions will be announced by the Biden Administration; or the
effect that any such action would have, either positively or negatively, on our industry or our business or
licensees. If any new legislation and/or regulations are implemented, or if existing trade agreements are
renegotiated or terminated, or if tariffs are imposed on foreign-sourced or U.S. goods, it may be inefficient and
expensive for us to alter our business operations in order to adapt to or comply with such changes, and higher
prices could depress consumer demand. Such operational changes could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

On January 15, 2021, the USTR found that Vietnam’s currency practices violate Section 301 but deferred any decision
whether to take any specific actions in connection with its findings, leaving the decision whether to impose higher
U.S. tariffs or other trade restrictions to the Biden Administration. This decision could lead to increased tariffs
on products assembled in Vietnam.

In addition, on October 2, 2020, the USTR initiated an investigation under Section 301 regarding Vietnam’s acts,
policies, and practices related to the import and use of illegally harvested timber. While no decision has been
reached yet in this investigation, USTR’s Section 301 investigations of Vietnam could lead to retaliatory tariffs
on U.S. imports from
                                                        64                                                         
Vietnam if the U.S. concerns cannot be resolved through negotiations. Such tariffs may not be limited to products
directly involved in the acts, policies, and practices found to violate Section 301 (e.g., tropical timber) and
thus could affect other, unrelated products, including those sourced by us or our suppliers and licensees.

Also, various countries, in addition to the United States, regulate the import and export of certain products,
commodities, software, and technology, including through import and export licensing requirements, and have enacted
laws that could limit our ability to distribute our products or collaborate on technology with our commercial or
strategic partners, or could limit our commercial and/or strategic partners’ ability to implement our products in
those countries. Changes in our products or future changes in export and import regulations may create delays in
the introduction of our products in international markets, disrupt supply chains, prevent our commercial and/or
strategic partners with international operations from deploying our products globally or, in some cases, prevent
the export or import of our products to certain countries, governments, or persons altogether. In particular, the
U.S. government continues to expand export control and sanctions restrictions on China and Hong Kong, which may
limit the company’s ability to collaborate with and transfer technology to partners in the region. Cross-border
data transmissions are currently exempt from customs duties under the WTO’s temporary e-commerce moratorium on
customs duties on electronic transmissions, but the moratorium faces opposition from certain WTO Members when it
comes up for renewal at the WTO Ministerial Meeting, which is scheduled to take place in late 2021, at which time a
decision will be made by WTO Members whether to continue the moratorium. Other potential barriers include the
further proliferation of digital services taxes in Europe and elsewhere which potentially could expose certain
digital services to new taxes, as well as continued risks of U.S. or foreign sanctions or related sanctions
legislation, increased export and import restrictions stemming from governmental policies or U.S.-China “de-
coupling,” or changes in the countries, governments, persons, businesses, products or technologies targeted by U.S.
or foreign regulations, restrictions, and sanctions. Any change in U.S. or foreign export or import regulations,
customs duties or other restrictions on intangible goods such as cross-border data flows, could result in decreased
use of our products by, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our products and services to, existing or new
customers in U.S. or international markets or hamper our ability to source products, components, and parts from
certain suppliers or lead to potential supply chain disruptions and business or reputational harms. Any decreased
use of our products or limitation on our ability to export, import, or sell our products or services, or source
parts and/or components, would harm our business.

Further, following the result of a referendum in 2016, the United Kingdom formally left the EU on January 31, 2020.
The effects of Brexit have been and are expected to continue to be far-reaching. Brexit and the perceptions as to
its impact may adversely affect business activity and economic conditions globally and could continue to contribute
to instability in global financial markets. Brexit could also have the effect of disrupting the free movement of
goods, services, and people between the United Kingdom and the EU. In addition, Brexit could lead to legal
uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations as the United Kingdom determines which EU laws
to replace or replicate. While the EU and United Kingdom have reached EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement on
their post-Brexit economic relationship, which took effect on January 1, 2021, it is incomplete, and the full
effects of Brexit are uncertain. Given these possibilities and others we may not anticipate, as well as the lack of
comparable precedent, the full extent to which our business, results of operations, and financial condition could
be adversely affected by Brexit is uncertain.

The supply chains of our contract manufacturers and many of our licensees may source products, parts or components
from China and other countries in the Asia-Pacific region. There are many uncertainties around the COVID-19
pandemic, including scientific and health issues, the unknown duration and extent of economic disruption in China
and other markets in the region, and the impact on the Chinese, U.S., and global economies. As a result, the
COVID-19 pandemic may result in further supply shortages of our products or our licensees’ products, and delays in
shipping and transportation services that negatively impact our ability or our licensees’ ability to import,
export, ship, or sell streaming devices to customers in U.S. and international markets. Any decrease, limitations
or delays on our or our licensees’ ability to produce, import, export, ship, or sell our streaming devices would
harm our business.

United States or international rules (or the absence of rules) that permit ISPs to degrade users’ internet speeds
or limit internet data consumption by users, including unreasonable discrimination in the provision of broadband
internet access services, could harm our business.*

Laws, regulations or court rulings that adversely affect the popularity or growth in use of the internet, including
decisions that undermine open and neutrally administered internet access, could decrease customer demand for our
service offerings, may impose additional burdens on us or could cause us to incur additional expenses or alter our
business model.

In February 2015, the FCC adopted open internet rules intended to protect the ability of consumers and content
producers to send and receive non-harmful, lawful information on the internet, known as the Open Internet Order.
The Open Internet Order prohibited broadband internet access service providers from: (i) blocking access to legal
content, applications,
                                                        65                                                         
servicesor non-harmful devices; (ii) throttling, impairing or degrading performance based on content, applications,
services or non-harmful devices; and (iii) charging more for favorable delivery of content or favoring self-
provisioned content over third-party content (collectively, the “prohibited activities”). The Open Internet Order
also prohibited broadband internet access service providers from unreasonably interfering with consumers’ ability
to select, access and use the lawful content, applications,servicesor devices of their choosing as well as edge
providers’ ability to make lawful content, applications, services or devices available to consumers.

In January 2018, the FCC released a new order, known as the Restoring Internet Freedom Order (the “Order”), that
repealed most of the blocking, throttling, and paid prioritization restrictions adopted in the Open Internet Order.
The Order reclassified broadband internet access service as a non-common carrier “information service” and repealed
rules that had prohibited broadband internet access service providers from conducting the “prohibited activities”
but continued to require broadband internet access service providers to be transparent about their policies and
network management practices, and subjected discriminatory practices to case-by-case assessment under antitrust and
consumer protection laws. Most portions of the Order went into effect in April 2018 and the remainder went into
effect in June 2018. Numerous judicial challenges to the Order were filed, and in October 2019, the Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit upheld nearly all of the Order, but reversed the FCC’s decision to
prohibit all state and local regulation targeted at broadband internet access service, requiring case by case
determinations as to whether state and local regulation conflicts with the FCC’s rules. The court also required the
FCC to reexamine three issues from the Order where it found insufficient analysis but allowed the Order to remain
in effect pending the FCC’s review. The original parties were denied a rehearing by the full U.S. Court of Appeals
for the D.C. Circuit in February 2020 and the period to seek review by the Supreme Court has ended. On remand, the
FCC reaffirmed its existing approach in October 2020; however, four petitioners sought reconsideration of the FCC’s
decision in February 2021, and the FCC subsequently filed a motion requesting that the D.C. Circuit hold the case
in abeyance, which the court granted. The FCC, now newly organized following the inauguration of President Joe
Biden, has yet to issue a decision in response to these petitions. On July 9, 2021, President Biden signed an
Executive Order encouraging the FCC to restore net neutrality at the federal level. As an independent agency, the
FCC is not required to follow the Executive Order but is expected to adopt net neutrality safeguards similar to
those in the Open Internet Order once President Biden nominates additional commissioners to the FCC and Congress
approves them. In the meantime, to the extent the courts, the agencies or the states do not uphold or adopt
sufficient safeguards to protect against discriminatory conduct, network operators may seek to extract fees from us
or our content publishers to deliver our traffic or otherwise engage in blocking, throttling or other
discriminatory practices, and our business could be harmed.

Several states have adopted or are considering network neutrality legislation or regulation. For example,
California’s legislation (SB822) codifies portions of the FCC’s rescinded Open Internet Order. The U.S. Department
of Justice filed suit in September 2018 to block implementation of the California law, and the California Attorney
General agreed to delay implementation of the state law until the litigation is resolved. While the Department of
Justice withdrew its challenge of the California net neutrality law in February 2021, the status of state net
neutrality legislation remains uncertain because several broadband service provider trade associations also have
sued California to invalidate the state’s net neutrality law on grounds that the law is preempted by the Order,
among other claims. In February 2021, the federal judge denied the trade associations’ request for a preliminary
injunction, allowing California to enforce its net neutrality law while the litigation proceeded. As of July 2021,
the case remains pending.

Several states in addition to California have enacted net neutrality legislation (e.g., Colorado, Maine, New
Jersey, Oregon, Vermont, Washington), and several governors have signed executive orders requiring broadband
internet access service providers contracting with state agencies to adhere to network neutrality principles (e.g.,
Hawaii, Montana, New York, Rhode Island). The regulatory framework for network neutrality thus remains unsettled
and is subject to ongoing federal litigation as well as federal and state legislative and regulatory activity.

As we expand internationally, government regulation protecting the non-discriminatory provision of internet access
may be nascent or non-existent. In those markets where regulatory safeguards against unreasonable discrimination
are nascent or non-existent and where local network operators possess substantial market power, we could experience
anti-competitive practices that could impede our growth, cause us to incur additional expenses or otherwise harm
our business. Future regulations or changes in laws and regulations or their existing interpretations or
applications could also hinder our operational flexibility, raise compliance costs and result in additional
liabilities for us, which may harm our business.
                                                        66                                                         
Broadband internet providers are subject to government regulation and enforcement actions, and changes in current
or future laws, regulations or enforcement actions that negatively impact our distributors or content publishers
could harm our business.

Upon the effective date of the FCC’s Restoring Internet Freedom Order, the FTC became the federal agency primarily
responsible for regulating broadband privacy and data security in the United States. The FTC follows an
enforcement-focused approach to regulating broadband privacy and security. Future FTC enforcement actions could
cause us or our content publishers to alter advertising claims or alter or eliminate certain features or
functionalities of our products or services which may harm our business. At the FCC, many broadband internet
providers provide traditional telecommunications services that are subject to FCC and state rate regulation of
intrastate telecommunications services, and are recipients of federal universal service fund payments, which are
intended to subsidize telecommunications services in areas that are expensive to serve. Changes in rate regulations
or in universal service funding rules, either at the federal or state level, could affect these broadband internet
providers’ revenue and capital spending plans. In addition, various international regulatory bodies have
jurisdiction over non-United States broadband internet providers. The Nevada SPI Law and the CCPA also apply to
broadband internet providers that do business in Nevada and California, respectively. To the extent these broadband
internet providers are adversely affected by laws or regulations regarding their business, products or service
offerings, our business could be harmed.

If we are found liable for content that is distributed through or advertising that is served through our platform,
our business could be harmed.

As a distributor of content, we face potential liability for negligence, copyright, patent or trademark
infringement, public performance royalties or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we
distribute. The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “DMCA”) is intended, in part, to limit the liability of
eligible service providers for caching, hosting or linking to, user content that includes materials that infringe
copyrights or other rights. We rely on the protections provided by the DMCA in conducting our business. Similarly,
Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act (“Section 230”) protects online distribution platforms, such as ours,
from actions taken under various laws that might otherwise impose liability on the platform provider for what
content creators develop or the actions they take or inspire.

However, the DMCA, Section 230, and similar statutes and doctrines that we rely on or may rely on in the future, in
the United States or international jurisdiction where we may operate, are subject to uncertain judicial
interpretation and regulatory and legislative amendments. Regulatory or legislative changes, whether in the United
States or in international jurisdictions where we may operate, may ultimately require us to take a different
approach towards content moderation on our platform, which could diminish the depth, breadth, and variety of
content we offer and, in so doing, reduce our advertising revenue or user base.

Moreover, the DMCA and Section 230 provide protections primarily in the United States. If the rules around these
statutes and doctrines change, if international jurisdictions refuse to apply similar protections or if a court
were to disagree with our application of those rules to our business, we could incur liabilities and our business
could be harmed. If we become liable for these types of claims as a result of the content that is streamed over or
the advertisements that are served through our platform, then our business may suffer. Litigation to defend these
claims could be costly and the expenses and damages arising from any liability could harm our business. Our
insurance may not be adequate to cover these types of claims or any liability that may be imposed on us.

In addition, regardless of any legal protections that may limit our liability for the actions of third parties, we
may be adversely impacted if copyright holders assert claims, or commence litigation, alleging copyright
infringement against the developers of channels that are distributed on our platform. While our platform policies
prohibit streaming content on our platform without distribution rights from the copyright holder, and we maintain
processes and systems for the reporting and removal of infringing content, in certain instances our platform has
been misused by unaffiliated third parties to unlawfully distribute copyrighted content. If content owners or
distributors are influenced by the existence of types of claims or proceedings and are deterred from working with
us as a consequence, this could impair our ability to maintain or expand our business, including through
international expansion plans.

Our involvement in any such legal matters now or in the future, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses
and other costs, and be disruptive to our business.
                                                        67                                                         
If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the
accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our Class A common stock may be
adversely affected.

We are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such
internal control. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“Section 404”) requires that we furnish a report
by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This
assessment must include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control
over financial reporting. Our independent registered public accounting firm also attests to the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting. If we have a material weakness in our internal control over
financial reporting in the future, we may not detect errors on a timely basis and our financial statements may be
materially misstated. If we identify material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, are
unable to continue to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, are unable to assert that our
internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is
unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, investors
may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, and the market price of our Class A
common stock could be adversely affected. In addition, we could become subject to investigations by the stock
exchange on which our Class A common stock is listed, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities, which could require
additional financial and management resources.

Our financial results may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles applicable to us.

U.S. GAAP are subject to interpretation by the FASB, the SEC, and other various bodies formed to promulgate and
interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could have a
significant effect on our reported results of operations and may even affect the reporting of transactions
completed before the announcement or effectiveness of a change. It is difficult to predict the impact of future
changes to accounting principles or our accounting policies, any of which could harm our business.

If we fail to comply with the laws and regulations relating to the collection of indirect taxes and payment of
income taxes in the various jurisdictions in which we do business, we could be exposed to unexpected costs,
expenses, penalties and fees as a result of our noncompliance, which could harm our business.*

We are subject to requirements to collect indirect taxes from our sales in various jurisdictions, and the payment
of income taxes on revenue generated from activities in those jurisdictions. The laws and regulations governing the
collection of indirect taxes for sales on our website and payment of income taxes are numerous, complex, and vary
by jurisdiction. A successful assertion by one or more jurisdictions that we were required to collect indirect
taxes or to pay income taxes where we did not could result in substantial tax liabilities, fees and expenses,
including substantial interest and penalty charges, which could harm our business.

New legislation that would change U.S. or foreign taxation of international business activities or other tax-reform
policies could harm our business.*

Reforming the taxation of international businesses has been a priority for U.S. politicians, and key members of the
legislative and executive branches, and a wide variety of changes has been proposed or enacted. Certain changes to
U.S. tax laws could affect the tax treatment of our foreign earnings, as well as cash and cash equivalent balances
we maintain outside the United States. Additionally, any changes in the U.S. or foreign taxation of such activities
may increase our worldwide effective tax rate and the amount of taxes we pay and harm our business.

Legislation enacted in 2017, informally titled the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (“TCJA”), as modified by legislation
enacted on March 27, 2020, entitled the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (“CARES Act”),
significantly reformed the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The TCJA, as modified by the CARES Act,
alters U.S. federal tax rates, imposes additional limitations on the deductibility of interest, allows for the
expensing of certain capital expenditures, and puts into effect the migration from a “worldwide” system of taxation
to a territorial system. Additionally, the TCJA, as modified by the CARES Act, has both positive and negative
changes to the utilization of future net operating loss (“NOL”) carryforwards. For example, U.S. federal NOLs
incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, can be carried forward indefinitely, but the
deductibility of such U.S. federal NOLs in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020 is limited to 80% of
taxable income. The U.S. Department of Treasury has broad authority to issue regulations and interpretative
guidance that may significantly impact how we will apply the law, which could affect our financial position and
result of operations. It is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to the TCJA and the CARES
Act.

In addition, an increasing number of jurisdictions are considering or have adopted laws or administrative practices
that impose new tax measures, including revenue-based taxes targeting online commerce, digital services, streaming
services and
                                                        68                                                         
the remote selling of goods and services. These include new obligations to collect sales, consumption, value added,
or other taxes on online marketplaces and remote sellers, or other requirements that may result in liability for
third-party obligations. For example, Maryland recently passed legislation establishing a tax on certain
advertising activities and in Europe, certain EU member states and other countries have adopted or proposed taxes
on digital advertising and marketplace service revenue. The OECD and G-20 are currently engaged in negotiations
over an Inclusive Framework on “Base Erosion and Profit Shifting” (BEPS). In the past, the talks particularly
targeted digital businesses and had the potential to significantly alter the rules on international taxation of
multinational and digital enterprisesproviding digital services. While the OECD’s focus appears to be shifting
toward a global minimum tax, this is subject to further negotiations and is not yet fully agreed upon. Moreover,
despite the OECD’s agreement to focus on a global minimum tax, theEuropean Commissionhasproposeda “digital
levy,”which appears to similarlytarget U.S. digital services providers. Our results of operations and cash flows
could be adversely affected by additional taxes of this nature imposed on us or on digital services generally,
whether prospectively or retroactively, or additional taxes or penalties resulting from the failure to comply with
any collection obligations. The United States has threatened to impose retaliatory duties under Section 301 on
imports from countries that adopt digital services taxes, which could result in increased trade tensions and
potential retaliation by foreign governments against U.S. digital services or technologies, which could disrupt our
U.S. or international businesses.

We continue to examine the impact these and other tax reforms may have on our business. The impact of these and
other tax reforms is uncertain and one or more of these or similar measures could seriously harm our business.

We have been, are currently, and may in the future be subject to regulatory inquiries, investigations and
proceedings, which could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a
way that could seriously harm our business.

We have been, are currently, and may in the future be subject to investigations and inquiries from government
entities. These investigations and inquiries, and our compliance with any associated regulatory orders or consent
decrees, may require us to change our policies or practices, subject us to substantial monetary fines or other
penalties or sanctions, result in increased operating costs, divert management’s attention, harm our reputation,
and require us to incur significant legal and other expenses, any of which could seriously harm our business. For
example, in the past, we responded to requests for information made by staff from the SEC.

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock

The dual class structure of our common stock as contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
has the effect of concentrating voting control with those stockholders who held our stock prior to our initial
public offering, including our executive officers, employees and directors and their affiliates, and limiting your
ability to influence corporate matters.*

Our Class B common stock has 10 votes per share, and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. Our President
and Chief Executive Officer, Anthony Wood, holds and controls the vote of a significant number of shares of our
outstanding common stock, and therefore Mr. Wood will have significant influence over our management and affairs
and over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including election of directors and significant corporate
transactions, such as a merger or other sale of Roku or our assets, for the foreseeable future. If Mr. Wood’s
employment with us is terminated, he will continue to have the same influence over matters requiring stockholder
approval.

In addition, the holders of Class B common stock collectively will continue to be able to control all matters
submitted to our stockholders for approval even if their stock holdings represent less than 50% of the outstanding
shares of our common stock. Because of the 10-to-1 voting ratio between our Class B and Class A common stock, the
holders of our Class B common stock collectively will continue to control a majority of the combined voting power
of our common stock even when the shares of Class B common stock represent as little as 10% of all outstanding
shares of our Class A and Class B common stock. This concentrated control will limit your ability to influence
corporate matters for the foreseeable future, and, as a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could
be adversely affected.

Future transfers by holders of Class B common stock will generally result in those shares converting to Class A
common stock, which will have the effect, over time, of increasing the relative voting power of those holders of
Class B common stock who retain their shares in the long term. As a result of such transfers, as of June 30, 2021,
Mr. Wood controls a majority of the combined voting power of our Class A and Class B common stock even though he
only owns 13% of the outstanding Class A and Class B common stock. As a board member, Mr. Wood owes a fiduciary
duty to our stockholders and must act in good faith in a manner he reasonably believes to be in the best interests
of our stockholders. As a stockholder, even a controlling stockholder, Mr. Wood is entitled to vote his shares in
his own interests, which may not
                                                        69                                                         
always be in the interests of our stockholders generally. This concentrated control could delay, defer, or prevent
a change of control, merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets that our other
stockholders support, or conversely this concentrated control could result in the consummation of such a
transaction that our other stockholders do not support. This concentrated control could also discourage a potential
investor from acquiring our Class A common stock, which has limited voting power relative to the Class B common
stock and might harm the trading price of our Class A common stock.

We have not elected to take advantage of the “controlled company” exemption to the corporate governance rules for
companies listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market.

The trading price of our Class A common stock has been, and may continue to be, volatile, and the value of our
Class A common stock may decline.

The market price of our Class A common stock has been and may continue to be subject to wide fluctuations in
response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including:
                                                                                           
  •  actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition and operating results;  
                                                                                           
                                                              
  •  changes in projected operational and financial results;  
                                                              
                                            
  •  loss by us of key content publishers;  
                                            
                                                                            
  •  changes in laws or regulations applicable to our devices or platform;  
                                                                            
                                                                           
  •  the commencement or conclusion of legal proceedings that involve us;  
                                                                           
                                                                                    
  •  actual or anticipated changes in our growth rate relative to our competitors;  
                                                                                    
                                                                          
  •  announcements of new products or services by us or our competitors;  
                                                                          
                                                                                                                  
  •  announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures;  
                                                                                                                  
                                                 
  •  capital-raising activities or commitments;  
                                                 
                                                
  •  additions or departures of key personnel;  
                                                
                                                                             
  •  issuance of new or updated research or reports by securities analysts;  
                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
  •  the use by investors or analysts of third-party data regarding our business that may not reflect our          
     financial performance;                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                
  •  fluctuations in the valuation of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us;  
                                                                                                
                                                                                              
  •  sales of our Class A common stock, including short selling of our Class A common stock;  
                                                                                              
                                                                                                                
  •  share price and volume fluctuations attributable to inconsistent trading volume levels of our shares; and  
                                                                                                                
                                              
  •  general economic and market conditions.  
                                              
Furthermore, the stock markets frequently experience extreme price and volume fluctuations that affect the market
prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to
the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general
economic, political and market conditions such as recessions, elections, interest rate changes or international
currency fluctuations, may negatively impact the market price of our Class A common stock. As a result of such
fluctuations, you may not realize any return on your investment in us and may lose some or all of your investment.
In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to
securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future, which could
result in substantial costs and divert our management’s attention from other business concerns.

Future sales and issuances of our capital stock or rights to purchase capital stock could result in additional
dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to decline.

We may issue additional securities in the future and from time to time. Future sales and issuances of our capital
stock or rights to purchase our capital stock could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders. We
may sell or issue Class A common stock, convertible securities and other equity securities in one or more
transactions at prices and in a manner as we may determine from time to time. If we sell any such securities in
subsequent transactions, investors may be materially diluted. New investors in such subsequent transactions could
gain rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our Class A common stock.

Future sales of shares by existing stockholders could cause our stock price to decline.*

If our existing stockholders sell, or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts of our Class A common
stock in the public market, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline. All of our outstanding
Class A shares are eligible for sale in the public market, other than shares and stock options exercisable held by
directors, executive officers and other affiliates that are subject to volume limitations under Rule 144 of the
Securities Act. In addition, we have reserved
                                                        70                                                         
shares for future issuance under our equity incentive plan. Our directors, employees and certain contingent workers
are subject to our quarterly trading window, which generally opens at the start of the second full trading day
after the public dissemination of our annual or quarterly financial results and closes (i) with respect to the
first, second and third quarter of each year, at the end of the fifteenth day of the last month of the such quarter
and (ii) with respect to the fourth quarter of each year, at the end of the trading day on the Wednesday before
Thanksgiving. These directors, employees and contingent workers may also sell shares during a closed window period
pursuant to trading plans that comply with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1(c)(1) under the Exchange Act. When these
shares are issued and subsequently sold, it would be dilutive to existing stockholders and the trading price of our
Class A common stock could decline.

If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish unfavorable research about our business or if
they downgrade our stock, our stock price and trading volume could decline.

A limited number of equity research analysts provide research coverage of our Class A common stock, and we cannot
assure you that such equity research analysts will adequately provide research coverage of our Class A common
stock. A lack of adequate research coverage may adversely affect the liquidity and market price of our Class A
common stock. If securities or industry analysts cover our company and one or more of these analysts downgrades our
stock or issues other unfavorable commentary or research, the price of our Class A common stock could decline. If
one or more equity research analysts cease coverage of our company, or fail to publish reports on us regularly,
demand for our stock could decrease, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline.

We incur costs and demands upon management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public
companies in the United States, which may harm our business.

As a public company listed in the United States, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. In
addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure,
including regulations implemented by the SEC and The Nasdaq Global Select Market, may increase legal and financial
compliance costs and make some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to
varying interpretations and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is
provided by regulatory and governing bodies. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws,
regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a
diversion of management’s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If,
notwithstanding our efforts, we fail to comply with new laws, regulations and standards, regulatory authorities may
initiate legal proceedings against us, and our business may be harmed.

Failure to comply with these rules might also make it more difficult for us to obtain certain types of insurance,
including director and officer liability insurance, and we might be forced to accept reduced policy limits and
coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these events
could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board of
Directors, on committees of our Board of Directors or as members of senior management.

We do not intend to pay dividends in the foreseeable future.

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our Class A or Class B common stock and do not intend to pay
any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings to grow
our business and for general corporate purposes. Moreover, our outstanding Credit Agreement contains prohibitions
on the payment of cash dividends on our capital stock. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their Class A
common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their
investments.

Provisions in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law may prevent or frustrate attempts by our
stockholders to change our management or hinder efforts to acquire a controlling interest in us, and the market
price of our Class A common stock may be lower as a result.

There are provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws that may make it difficult for a third-party to
acquire, or attempt to acquire, control of Roku, even if a change in control was considered favorable by our
stockholders.

Our charter documents also contain other provisions that could have an anti-takeover effect, such as:
                                                                                                                   
  •  establishing a classified Board of Directors so that not all members of our Board of Directors are elected    
     at one time;                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •  permitting the Board of Directors to establish the number of directors and fill any vacancies and newly       
     created directorships;                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
                                                              
  •  providing that directors may only be removed for cause;  
                                                              
                                                        71                                                         
                                                   
  •  prohibiting cumulative voting for directors;  
                                                   
                                                                                                               
  •  requiring super-majority voting to amend some provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws;  
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
  •  authorizing the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock that our Board of Directors could use to implement  
     a stockholder rights plan;                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                        
  •  eliminating the ability of stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders;  
                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
  •  prohibiting stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a    
     meeting of our stockholders; and                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
                                                                     
  •  reflecting our two classes of common stock as described above.  
                                                                     
Moreover, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, which prohibit a person who owns 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock from merging
or combining with us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired in
excess of 15% of our outstanding voting stock, unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed manner.
Any provision in our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or
deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their
shares of our Class A common stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our
Class A common stock.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware
and the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forums for substantially all
disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable
judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware
is the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law:
                                                                 
  •  any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf;  
                                                                 
                                                       
  •  any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty;  
                                                       
                                                                                                                   
  •  any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, our         
     amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our bylaws; and                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                 
  •  any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine.  
                                                                                                 
This provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any
other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act
creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both
state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims.

To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings
by different courts, among other considerations, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides
that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any
complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. In December 2018, the Delaware Chancery
Court issued a ruling invalidating such provision, which we appealed to the Supreme Court of the State of Delaware.
In March 2020, the Supreme Court of the State of Delaware reversed the ruling of the Delaware Chancery Court and
held that the federal forum provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation is facially valid.

While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder
may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions. In
such instance, we would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum
provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. This may require significant additional costs
associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions and there can be no assurance that the provisions will
be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions.

These exclusive-forum provisions may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it
finds favorable for certain disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage
lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. If a court were to find either exclusive-forum
provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an
action, we may incur further significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other
jurisdictions, all of which could harm our business.
                                                        72                                                         
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds                                            │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
None.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities                                                                        │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
None.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures                                                                                │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Not applicable.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 5. Other Information                                                                                      │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
None.
                                                        73                                                         
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 6. Exhibits                                                                                               │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                                                                   
                                                                 Incorporation by reference                        
  Exhibit   Description                                   Form   SEC File No.                Exhibit  Filing Date  
  Number                                                                                                           
  3.1       Amended and Restated Certificate of           8-K    001-38211                       3.1  10/03/2017   
            Incorporation of Roku, Inc.                                                                            
  3.2       Amended and Restated Bylaws of Roku, Inc.     S-1/A  333-220318                      3.4  9/18/2017    
  4.1       Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1 through                                                              
            3.2.                                                                                                   
  4.2       Form of Class A common stock certificate      S-1/A  333-220318                      4.1  9/18/2017    
            Forms of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice                                                            
  10.1#     and Award Agreement under 2017 Equity         10-Q   001-38211                      10.2  5/7/2021     
            Incentive Plan                                                                                         
            Forms of Stock Option Grant Notice and                                                                 
  10.2*#    Option Agreement under 2017 Equity Incentive                                                           
            Plan (U.S. Executives)                                                                                 
            Certification of Principal Executive Officer                                                           
            Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a)                                                              
  31.1*     under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,                                                             
            as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the                                                              
            Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002                                                                             
            Certification of Principal Financial Officer                                                           
            Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a)                                                              
  31.2*     under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,                                                             
            as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the                                                              
            Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002                                                                             
            Certification of Principal Executive Officer                                                           
  32.1**    Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as                                                                 
            Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the                                                                 
            Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002                                                                             
            Certification of Principal Financial Officer                                                           
  32.2**    Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as                                                                 
            Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the                                                                 
            Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002                                                                             
            Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance                                                           
  101.INS*  document does not appear in the Interactive                                                            
            Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded                                                           
            within the Inline XBRL document.                                                                       
  101.SCH*  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema                                                                  
            Document                                                                                               
  101.CAL*  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation                                                             
            Linkbase Document                                                                                      
  101.DEF*  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition                                                              
            Linkbase Document                                                                                      
  101.LAB*  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label                                                                   
            Linkbase Document                                                                                      
  101.PRE*  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation                                                            
            Linkbase Document                                                                                      
            The cover page from the Company’s Quarterly                                                            
  104       Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended                                                              
            June 30, 2021, has been formatted in Inline                                                            
            XBRL.                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
# Indicates management contract or compensatory plan, contract or agreement.

* Filed herewith.

** These exhibits are furnished with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and are not deemed filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission and are not incorporated by reference in any filing of Roku, Inc. under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or
after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filings.
                                                        74                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                    SIGNATURES                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
                                                                             
                               Roku, Inc.                                    
  Date: August 5, 2021    By:  /s/ Anthony Wood                              
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                               Anthony Wood                                  
                               President and Chief Executive Officer         
                               (Principal Executive Officer)                 
  Date: August 5, 2021    By:  /s/ Steve Louden                              
                               Steve Louden                                  
                               Chief Financial Officer                       
                               (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  
                                                                             
                                                        75                                                         
