UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section
13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 August 13, 2020 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)
Apple Inc. (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)                                                  
                                                                                                  
  California                        001-36743                 94-2404110                          
  (State or other jurisdictionof    -CommissionFile Number    -I.R.S. EmployerIdentification No.  
  incorporation)                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
One Apple Park Way Cupertino, California 95014 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ( 408) 996-1010 
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Not applicable (Former name or former address, if changed     
since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy   
the filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the following provisions:                                     
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                                          
  Title of each class                     Trading symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common Stock, $0.00001 par value per    AAPL                 The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  share                                                                                                   
  1.000% Notes due 2022                   —                    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  1.375% Notes due 2024                   —                    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  0.000% Notes due 2025                   —                    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  0.875% Notes due 2025                   —                    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  1.625% Notes due 2026                   —                    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  2.000% Notes due 2027                   —                    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  1.375% Notes due 2029                   —                    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  3.050% Notes due 2029                   —                    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  0.500% Notes due 2031                   —                    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  3.600% Notes due 2042                   —                    The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
                                                                                                          
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 
of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                            
  Item 8.01  Other Events.  
                            
On August 20, 2020, Apple Inc. (“Apple”) consummated the issuance and sale of $1,250,000,000 aggregate principal   
amount of its 0.550% Notes due 2025 (the “2025 Notes”), $1,250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 1.250%    
Notes due 2030 (the “2030 Notes”), $1,250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 2.400% Notes due 2050 (the     
“2050 Notes”) and $1,750,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 2.550% Notes due 2060 (the “2060 Notes” and,    
together with the 2025 Notes, the 2030 Notes and the 2050 Notes, the “Notes”), pursuant to an underwriting         
agreement (the “Underwriting Agreement”) dated August 13, 2020 among Apple and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Barclays   
Capital Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein. The     
Notes are being issued pursuant to an indenture, dated as of November 5, 2018 (the “Indenture”), between Apple and 
The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, together with the officer’s certificate, dated August 
20, 2020 (the “Officer’s Certificate”), issued pursuant to the Indenture establishing the terms of each series of  
Notes. The Notes are being issued pursuant to Apple’s Registration Statement on Form S-3filed with the Securities  
and Exchange Commission on November 5, 2018 (Reg. No. 333-228159)(the “Registration Statement”). Interest on the   
Notes will be paid semi-annually in arrears on August 20 and February 20 of each year, beginning on February 20,   
2021. The 2025 Notes will mature on August 20, 2025. The 2030 Notes will mature on August 20, 2030. The 2050 Notes 
will mature on August 20, 2050. The 2060 Notes will mature on August 20, 2060. The Notes will be Apple’s senior    
unsecured obligations and will rank equally with Apple’s other unsecured and unsubordinated debt from time to time 
outstanding. The foregoing description of the Notes and related agreements is qualified in its entirety by the     
terms of the Underwriting Agreement, the Indenture and the Officer’s Certificate (including the forms of the       
Notes). Apple is furnishing the Underwriting Agreement and the Officer’s Certificate (including the forms of the   
Notes) attached hereto as Exhibits 1.1 and 4.1 through 4.5, respectively, and they are incorporated herein by      
reference. The Indenture is filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement. An opinion regarding the legality  
of the Notes is filed as Exhibit 5.1, and is incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement; and a      
consent relating to the incorporation of such opinion is incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement 
and is filed as Exhibit 23.1 by reference to its inclusion within Exhibit 5.1.                                     
                                                 
  Item 9.01  Financial Statements and Exhibits.  
                                                 
                  
  (d)  Exhibits.  
                  
                                                                                                                   
                    Exhibit Description                                                                            
                    Underwriting Agreement, dated August 13, 2020, among Apple Inc. and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC,   
  Exhibit Number    Barclays Capital Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as representatives of the several        
  1.1               underwriters named therein                                                                     
  4.1               Officer’s Certificate of Apple Inc., dated August 20, 2020                                     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  4.2               Form of Global Note representing the 2025 Notes (included in Exhibit 4.1)                      
  4.3               Form of Global Note representing the 2030 Notes (included in Exhibit 4.1)                      
  4.4               Form of Global Note representing the 2050 Notes (included in Exhibit 4.1)                      
  4.5               Form of Global Note representing the 2060 Notes (included in Exhibit 4.1)                      
  5.1               Opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP                                                                
  23.1              Consent of Latham & Watkins LLP (included in the opinion filed as Exhibit 5.1)                 
  104               Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Current Report on Form 8-K.                             
                                                                                                                   
SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                                     
  Date: August 20, 2020         Apple Inc.                           
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                           By:              /s/ Luca Maestri         
                                            Luca Maestri             
                                            Senior Vice President,   
                                            Chief Financial Officer  
                                                                     
