                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              Washington, D.C. 20549                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 10-Q                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                
  ☑    Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                   for the quarterly period ended June 29, 2025                                    
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                        or                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                 
  ☐    Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
       for the transition period from            to                                              
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                           Commission file number 1-3215                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                 Johnson & Johnson                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                               
                                                         
  New Jersey                         22-1024240          
  (State or other jurisdiction of    -I.R.S. Employer    
  incorporation or organization)     Identification No.  
                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                            One Johnson & Johnson Plaza                                            
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                          New Brunswick, New Jersey 08933                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                     (Address of principal executive offices)                                      
                                                                                                                   
                        Registrant’s telephone number, including area code ( 732) 524-0400                         
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. ☑ Yes ☐ No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to
be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files). ☑ Yes ☐ No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated
filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.
                                                                  
  Large accelerated filer    ☑    Accelerated filer            ☐  
  Non-accelerated filer      ☐    Smaller reporting company    ☐  
  Emerging growth company    ☐                                    
                                                                  
If an emerging growth company, indicated by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). ☐
Yes ☑ No
                            SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT                             
                                                                                                 
  Title of each class               Trading Symbol    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common Stock, Par Value $1.00     JNJ               New York Stock Exchange                    
  1.150% Notes Due November 2028    JNJ28             New York Stock Exchange                    
  2.700% Notes Due February 2029    JNJ29B            New York Stock Exchange                    
  3.200% Notes Due June 2032        JNJ32             New York Stock Exchange                    
  3.050% Notes Due February 2033    JNJ33B            New York Stock Exchange                    
  1.650% Notes Due May 2035         JNJ35             New York Stock Exchange                    
  3.350% Notes Due June 2036        JNJ36A            New York Stock Exchange                    
  3.350% Notes Due February 2037    JNJ37B            New York Stock Exchange                    
  3.550% Notes Due June 2044        JNJ44             New York Stock Exchange                    
  3.600% Notes Due February 2045    JNJ45             New York Stock Exchange                    
  3.700% Notes Due February 2055    JNJ55             New York Stock Exchange                    
                                                                                                 
Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer’s classes of common stock, as of the latest
practicable date.

On July 18, 2025, 2,408,338,872shares of Common Stock, $1.00 par value, were outstanding.
                                                                                                                   
                                        JOHNSON & JOHNSON AND SUBSIDIARIES                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Table of contents                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Item                                                                                                       Page  
  Part I                                                                                                           
             Financial information                                                                              1  
  Item 1     Financial statements (unaudited)                                                                   1  
             Consolidated balance sheets — June 29, 2025 and December 29, 2024                                  1  
             Consolidated statements of earnings for the fiscalsecondquarters endedJune29, 2025                 2  
             andJune30, 2024                                                                                       
             Consolidated statements of earnings for the fiscalsixmonths endedJune29, 2025 andJune30,           3  
             2024                                                                                                  
             Consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the fiscalsecondquartersand fiscal six         4  
             monthsendedJune29, 2025 andJune30, 2024                                                               
             Consolidated statements of equity for the fiscalsecondquartersand fiscal six                       5  
             monthsendedJune29, 2025andJune30, 2024                                                                
             Consolidated statements of cash flows for the fiscalsixmonths endedJune29, 2025 andJune30,         7  
             2024                                                                                                  
             Notes to consolidated financial statements                                                         8  
  Item 2     Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations             41  
  Item 3     Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk                                        57  
  Item 4     Controls and procedures                                                                           57  
  Part II                                                                                                          
             Other information                                                                                 59  
  Item 1     Legal proceedings                                                                                 59  
  Item 2     Unregistered sales of equity securities and use of proceeds                                       59  
  Item 5     Other information                                                                                 60  
  Item 6     Exhibits                                                                                          60  
             Signatures                                                                                        61  
                                                                                                                   
Cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Johnson & Johnson’s other publicly available documents contain “forward-
looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Management and representatives of Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiaries (the
Company) also may from time to time make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements do not relate
strictly to historical or current facts and reflect management’s assumptions, views, plans, objectives and
projections about the future. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as “plans,”
“expects,” “will,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” and other words of similar meaning in conjunction with, among other
things: discussions of future operations, expected operating results, financial performance; impact of planned
acquisitions and dispositions; impact and timing of restructuring initiatives including associated cost savings and
other benefits; the Company’s strategy for growth; product development activities; regulatory approvals; market
position and expenditures.

Because forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding future
events, they are subject to uncertainties, risks and changes that are difficult to predict and many of which are
outside of the Company’s control. Investors should realize that if underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, or
known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, the Company’s actual results and financial condition could
vary materially from expectations and projections expressed or implied in its forward-looking statements. Investors
are therefore cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include, but are
not limited to:

Risks related to product development, market success and competition

• Challenges and uncertainties inherent in innovation and development of new and improved products and technologies
on which the Company’s continued growth and success depend, including uncertainty of clinical outcomes, additional
analysis of existing clinical data, obtaining regulatory approvals, health plan coverage and customer access, and
initial and continued commercial success;

• Challenges to the Company’s ability to secure and maintain adequate patent and other intellectual property rights
for new and existing products and technologies in the United States and other important markets;

• The impact of patent expirations, typically followed by the introduction of competing generic, biosimilar or
other products and resulting revenue and market share losses;

• Increasingly aggressive and frequent challenges to the Company’s patents by competitors and others seeking to
launch competing generic, biosimilar or other products and increased receptivity of courts, the United States
Patent and Trademark Office and other decision makers to such challenges, potentially resulting in loss of market
exclusivity and rapid decline in sales for the relevant product sooner than expected;

• Competition in research and development of new and improved products, processes and technologies, which can
result in product and process obsolescence;

• Competition to reach agreement with third parties for collaboration, licensing, development and marketing
agreements for products and technologies;

• Competition based on cost-effectiveness, product performance, technological advances and patents attained by
competitors; and

• Allegations that the Company’s products infringe the patents and other intellectual property rights of third
parties, which could adversely affect the Company’s ability to sell the products in question and require the
payment of money damages and future royalties.

Risks related to product liability, litigation and regulatory activity

• Product efficacy or safety concerns, whether or not based on scientific evidence, potentially resulting in
product withdrawals, recalls, regulatory action on the part of the United States Food and Drug Administration (U.S.
FDA) (or international counterparts), declining sales, reputational damage, increased litigation expense and share
price impact;

• The impact, including declining sales and reputational damage, of significant litigation or government action
adverse to the Company, including product liability claims and allegations related to pharmaceutical marketing
practices and contracting strategies;

• The impact of an adverse judgment or settlement and the adequacy of reserves related to legal proceedings,
including patent litigation, product liability, personal injury claims, securities class actions, government
investigations, employment and other legal proceedings;

• Increased scrutiny of the healthcare industry by government agencies and state attorneys general resulting in
investigations and prosecutions, which carry the risk of significant civil and criminal penalties, including, but
not limited to, debarment from government business;

• Failure to meet compliance obligations in compliance agreements with governments or government agencies, which
could result in significant sanctions;

• Potential changes to applicable laws and regulations affecting United States and international operations,
including relating to: approval of new products; licensing and patent rights; sales and promotion of healthcare
products; access to, and reimbursement and pricing for, healthcare products and services; environmental protection;
and sourcing of raw materials;

• Compliance with local regulations and laws that may restrict the Company’s ability to manufacture or sell its
products in relevant markets, including requirements to comply with medical device reporting regulations and other
requirements such as the European Union’s Medical Devices Regulation;

• Changes in domestic and international tax laws and regulations, increasing audit scrutiny by tax authorities
around the world may cause exposures to additional tax liabilities potentially in excess of existing reserves; and

• The issuance of new or revised accounting standards by the Financial Accounting Standards Board and regulations
by the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Risks related to the Company’s strategic initiatives and healthcare market trends

• Pricing pressures resulting from trends toward healthcare cost containment, including the continued consolidation
among healthcare providers and other market participants, trends toward managed care, the shift toward governments
increasingly becoming the primary payors of healthcare expenses, significant new entrants to the healthcare markets
seeking to reduce costs and government pressure on companies to voluntarily reduce costs and price increases;

• Restricted spending patterns of individual, institutional and governmental purchasers of healthcare products and
services due to economic hardship and budgetary constraints;

• Challenges to the Company’s ability to realize its strategy for growth including through externally sourced
innovations, such as development collaborations, strategic acquisitions, licensing and marketing agreements, and
the potential heightened costs of any such external arrangements due to competitive pressures;

• The potential that the expected strategic benefits and opportunities from any planned or completed acquisition or
divestiture by the Company may not be realized or may take longer to realize than expected; and

• The potential that the expected benefits and opportunities related to past and ongoing restructuring actions may
not be realized or may take longer to realize than expected.

Risks related to economic conditions, financial markets and operating internationally

• The risks associated with global operations on the Company and its customers and suppliers, including foreign
governments in countries in which the Company operates;

• The impact of inflation and fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange rates and the potential effect
of such fluctuations on revenues, expenses and resulting margins;

• Potential changes in export/import and trade laws, regulations and policies of the United States and other
countries, including any increased trade restrictions or tariffs and potential drug reimportation legislation, and
the impact of such changes on raw material prices, supply chains market volatility and the pace of product
development;

• The impact on international operations from financial instability in international economies, sovereign risk,
possible imposition of governmental controls and restrictive economic policies, and unstable international
governments and legal systems;

• The impact of global public health crises and pandemics;

• Changes to global climate, extreme weather and natural disasters that could affect demand for the Company’s
products and services, cause disruptions in manufacturing and distribution networks, alter the availability of
goods and services within the supply chain, and affect the overall design and integrity of the Company’s products
and operations;

• The impact of global or economic changes or events, including global tensions and war; and

• The impact of armed conflicts and terrorist attacks in the United States and other parts of the world, including
social and economic disruptions and instability of financial and other markets.
                                                                                                                   
   Risks related to supply chain and operations                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
• Difficulties and delays in manufacturing, internally, through third-party providers or otherwise within the
supply chain, that may lead to voluntary or involuntary business interruptions or shutdowns, product shortages,
withdrawals or suspensions of products from the market, and potential regulatory action;

• Interruptions and breaches of the Company’s information technology systems or those of the Company’s vendors,
which could result in reputational, competitive, operational or other business harm as well as financial costs and
regulatory action;

• Reliance on global supply chains and production and distribution processes that are complex and subject to
increasing regulatory requirements that may adversely affect supply, sourcing and pricing of materials used in the
Company’s products; and

• The potential that the expected benefits and opportunities related to restructuring actions may not be realized
or may take longer to realize than expected, including due to any required approvals from applicable regulatory
authorities.

Investors also should carefully read the Risk Factors described in Item 1A of the Company's Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2024, for a description of certain risks that could, among other
things, cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from those expressed in its forward-looking
statements. Investors should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and should
not consider the risks described above to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. The
Company does not undertake to publicly update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time,
whether as a result of new information or future events or developments.

Table of Contents
╔═ § ═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║                                                                                                                 ║
║  Part I — Financial information                                                                                 ║
║                                                                                                                 ║
╚═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 1 — Financial statements                                                                                  │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Johnson & Johnson and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets

(Unaudited; Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Data)
                                                                                  
                                              June 29, 2025    December 29, 2024  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Assets                                                                          
  Current assets:                                                                 
  Cash and cash equivalents (Note 4)                $18,577               24,105  
  Marketable securities                                 303                  417  
  Accounts receivable, trade, less                   17,846               14,842  
  allowances $185(2024, $167)                                                     
  Inventories (Note 2)                               13,412               12,444  
  Prepaid expenses and other                          4,360                4,085  
  Total current assets                               54,498               55,893  
  Property, plant and equipment at cost              52,472               48,768  
  Less: accumulated depreciation                    -30,523              -28,250  
  Property, plant and equipment, net                 21,949               20,518  
  Intangible assets, net (Note 3)                    49,835               37,618  
  Goodwill (Note 3)                                  48,117               44,200  
  Deferred taxes on income (Note 5)                   6,801               10,461  
  Other assets                                       12,189               11,414  
  Total assets                                     $193,389              180,104  
  Liabilities and shareholders’ equity                                            
  Current liabilities:                                                            
  Loans and notes payable                           $11,526                5,983  
  Accounts payable                                    9,464               10,311  
  Accrued liabilities                                 7,404                8,549  
  Accrued rebates, returns and promotions            20,823               17,580  
  Accrued compensation and employee                   3,298                4,126  
  related obligations                                                             
  Accrued taxes on income (Note 5)                    1,665                3,772  
  Total current liabilities                          54,180               50,321  
  Long-term debt (Note 4)                            39,235               30,651  
  Deferred taxes on income (Note 5)                   3,799                2,448  
  Employee related obligations (Note 6)               7,021                7,255  
  Long-term taxes payable (Note 5)                      418                  390  
  Other liabilities                                  10,263               17,549  
  Total liabilities                                $114,916              108,614  
  Commitments and Contingencies (Note 11)                                         
  Shareholders’ equity:                                                           
  Common stock — par value $1.00per share                                         
  (authorized4,320,000,000shares;                    $3,120                3,120  
  issued3,119,843,000shares)                                                      
  Accumulated other comprehensive income            -14,305              -11,741  
  (loss) (Note 7)                                                                 
  Retained earnings and Additional paid-in          165,371              155,791  
  capital                                                                         
  Less:                                                                           
  common stock held in treasury, at cost             75,713               75,680  
  (713,064,000and712,921,000shares)                                               
  Total shareholders’ equity                        $78,473               71,490  
  Total liabilities and shareholders’              $193,389              180,104  
  equity                                                                          
                                                                                  
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q1                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

Johnson & Johnson and subsidiaries consolidated statements of earnings

(Unaudited; Dollars & Shares in Millions Except Per Share Amounts)
                                                                                                                   
                                        Fiscal Second  June 29,           Percent     June 30,           Percent   
                                        Quarter Ended      2025           to Sales        2024           to Sales  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Sales to customers (Note 9)                           $23,743    100.0  %            $22,447    100.0  %         
  Cost of products sold                         7,628               32.1                 6,869     30.6            
  Gross profit                                 16,115               67.9                15,578     69.4            
  Selling, marketing and                                                                                           
  administrative                                5,889               24.8                 5,681     25.3            
  expenses                                                                                                         
  Research and development expense              3,516               14.8                 3,440     15.3            
  In-process research and                                                                                          
  development                                       —                  —                   194      0.9            
  impairments                                                                                                      
  Interest income                                -260               -1.1                  -395     -1.8            
  Interest expense, net of portion                308                1.3                   270      1.2            
  capitalized                                                                                                      
  Other (income) expense, net                     107                0.5                   653      2.9            
  Restructuring (Note 12)                          64                0.3                   -13      0.0            
  Earnings before provision for                                                                                    
  taxes on                                      6,491               27.3                 5,748     25.6            
  income                                                                                                           
  Provision for taxes on income                   954                4.0                 1,062      4.7            
  (Note 5)                                                                                                         
  Net earnings                                 $5,537               23.3  %             $4,686     20.9  %         
  Net earnings per share (Note 8)                                                                                  
  Basic                                         $2.30                                    $1.95                     
  Diluted                                       $2.29                                    $1.93                     
  Avg. shares outstanding                                                                                          
  Basic                                       2,406.3                                  2,406.8                     
  Diluted                                     2,419.1                                  2,422.0                     
                                                                                                                   
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                   
  2                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

Johnson & Johnson and subsidiaries consolidated statements of earnings

(Unaudited; Dollars & Shares in Millions Except Per Share Amounts)
                                                                                                                   
                                                       June 29,           Percent     June 30,           Percent   
                              Fiscal Six Months Ended      2025           to Sales        2024           to Sales  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Sales to customers (Note                              $45,636    100.0  %            $43,830    100.0  %         
  9)                                                                                                               
  Cost of products sold                                  14,985     32.8                13,380     30.5            
  Gross profit                                           30,651     67.2                30,450     69.5            
  Selling, marketing and                                                                                           
  administrative                                         11,001     24.1                10,938     25.0            
  expenses                                                                                                         
  Research and development                                6,741     14.8                 6,982     16.0            
  expense                                                                                                          
  In-process research and                                                                                          
  development                                                 —        —                   194      0.4            
  impairments                                                                                                      
  Interest income                                          -592     -1.3                  -759     -1.8            
  Interest expense, net of                                                                                         
  portion                                                   512      1.1                   425      1.0            
  capitalized                                                                                                      
  Other (income) expense,                                -7,214    -15.8                 3,057      7.0            
  net                                                                                                              
  Restructuring (Note 12)                                    81      0.2                   151      0.3            
  Earnings before                                                                                                  
  provision for taxes on                                 20,122     44.1                 9,462     21.6            
  income                                                                                                           
  Provision for taxes on                                  3,586      7.9                 1,521      3.5            
  income (Note 5)                                                                                                  
  Net earnings                                          $16,536     36.2  %             $7,941     18.1  %         
  Net earnings per share                                                                                           
  (Note 8)                                                                                                         
  Basic                                                   $6.87                          $3.30                     
  Diluted                                                 $6.82                          $3.27                     
  Avg. shares outstanding                                                                                          
  Basic                                                 2,406.7                        2,407.5                     
  Diluted                                               2,423.3                        2,428.5                     
                                                                                                                   
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q3                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

Johnson & Johnson and subsidiaries consolidated statements of comprehensive income

(Unaudited; Dollars in Millions)
                                                                                                                   
                  Fiscal Second                                    Fiscal Six                                      
                  Quarter Ended  June 29, 2025    June 30, 2024    Months Ended    June 29, 2025    June 30, 2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net earnings                          $5,537            4,686                          $16,536            7,941  
  Other                                                                                                            
  comprehensi…                                                                                                     
  income                                                                                                           
  (loss), net                                                                                                      
  of tax                                                                                                           
  Foreign                                                                                                          
  currency                              -3,164             -389                           -3,739            1,734  
  translation                                                                                                      
  Securities:                                                                                                      
  Unrealized                                                                                                       
  holding gain                                                                                                     
  (loss)                                    -1               -1                               -1                1  
  arising                                                                                                          
  during                                                                                                           
  period                                                                                                           
  Net change                                -1               -1                               -1                1  
  Employee                                                                                                         
  benefit                                                                                                          
  plans:                                                                                                           
  Prior                                                                                                            
  service cost                                                                                                     
  amortization                             -36              -34                              -71              -50  
  during                                                                                                           
  period                                                                                                           
  Gain (loss)                                                                                                      
  amortization                              79               43                              156              111  
  during                                                                                                           
  period                                                                                                           
  Net change                                43                9                               85               61  
  Derivatives                                                                                                      
  & hedges:                                                                                                        
  Unrealized                                                                                                       
  gain (loss)                                                                                                      
  arising                                   25               75                             -117              -92  
  during                                                                                                           
  period                                                                                                           
  Reclassific…                             532             -179                            1,208             -430  
  to earnings                                                                                                      
  Net change                               557             -104                            1,091             -522  
  Other                                                                                                            
  comprehensi…                          -2,565             -485                           -2,564            1,274  
  income                                                                                                           
  (loss)                                                                                                           
  Comprehensi…                          $2,972            4,201                          $13,972            9,215  
  income                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                      
  The tax cost/(benefit) effects in other             
  comprehensive income for the fiscal second quarter  
  were as follows for 2025 and 2024, respectively:    
  Foreign Currency Translation: $824million and       
  $(65) million; Employee Benefit Plans: $10million   
  and $1million; Derivatives & Hedges: $148million    
  and $(28) million.                                  
  The tax cost/(benefit) effects in other             
  comprehensive income/(loss) for the fiscal six      
  months were as follows for 2025 and 2024,           
  respectively:                                       
  Foreign Currency Translation: $1.2billion and       
  $(684) million; Employee Benefit Plans: $21million  
  and $(41) million; Derivatives & Hedges:            
  $290million and $(139) million.                     
                                                      
                                                                                                                   
  4                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

Johnson & Johnson and subsidiaries consolidated statements of equity

(Unaudited; Dollars in Millions)
                                                                                                                   
  Fiscal Second Quarter Ended June 29, 2025                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                     Retained                            Accumulated                     Treasury  
                            Total    Earnings and                              Other     Common Stock       Stock  
                                     Additional Paid-in                Comprehensive    Issued Amount      Amount  
                                     Capital                           Income (AOCI)                               
  Balance, March 30,      $78,109                           162,635          -11,740            3,120     -75,906  
  2025                                                                                                             
  Net earnings              5,537                             5,537                —                —           —  
  Cash dividends paid      -3,129                            -3,129                —                —           —  
  ($1.30per share)                                                                                                 
  Employee                                                                                                         
  compensation and            519                               328                —                —         191  
  stock option                                                                                                     
  plans                                                                                                            
  Repurchase of common                                                                                             
  stock (including              2                                 —                —                —           2  
  excise tax)                                                                                                      
  Other comprehensive                                                                                              
  income (loss), net       -2,565                                 —           -2,565                —           —  
  of tax                                                                                                           
  Balance, June 29,       $78,473                           165,371          -14,305            3,120     -75,713  
  2025                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Fiscal Six Months Ended June 29, 2025                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                     Retained                            Accumulated                     Treasury  
                            Total    Earnings and                              Other     Common Stock       Stock  
                                     Additional Paid-in                Comprehensive    Issued Amount      Amount  
                                     Capital                           Income (AOCI)                               
  Balance, December       $71,490                           155,791          -11,741            3,120     -75,680  
  29, 2024                                                                                                         
  Net earnings             16,536                            16,536                —                —           —  
  Cash dividends paid      -6,118                            -6,118                —                —           —  
  ($2.54per share)                                                                                                 
  Employee                                                                                                         
  compensation and          1,256                              -838                —                —       2,094  
  stock option                                                                                                     
  plans                                                                                                            
  Repurchase of common                                                                                             
  stock (including         -2,127                                 —                —                —      -2,127  
  excise tax)                                                                                                      
  Other comprehensive                                                                                              
  income (loss), net       -2,564                                 —           -2,564                —           —  
  of tax                                                                                                           
  Balance, June 29,       $78,473                           165,371          -14,305            3,120     -75,713  
  2025                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q5                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

Fiscal Second Quarter Ended June 30, 2024
                                                                                                                   
                                     Retained                            Accumulated                     Treasury  
                            Total    Earnings and                              Other     Common Stock       Stock  
                                     Additional Paid-in                Comprehensive    Issued Amount      Amount  
                                     Capital                                  Income                               
  Balance, March 31,      $70,020                           153,378          -10,768            3,120     -75,710  
  2024                                                                                                             
  Net earnings              4,686                             4,686                —                —           —  
  Cash dividends paid      -2,985                            -2,985                —                —           —  
  ($1.24per share)                                                                                                 
  Employee                                                                                                         
  compensation and            438                               281                —                —         157  
  stock option                                                                                                     
  plans                                                                                                            
  Repurchase of common       -136                                 —                —                —        -136  
  stock                                                                                                            
  Other comprehensive                                                                                              
  income (loss), net         -485                                 —             -485                —           —  
  of tax                                                                                                           
  Balance, June 30,       $71,538                           155,360          -11,253            3,120     -75,689  
  2024                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Fiscal Six Months Ended June 30, 2024                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                     Retained                            Accumulated                     Treasury  
                            Total    Earnings and                              Other     Common Stock       Stock  
                                     Additional Paid-in                Comprehensive    Issued Amount      Amount  
                                     Capital                                  Income                               
  Balance, December       $68,774                           153,843          -12,527            3,120     -75,662  
  31, 2023                                                                                                         
  Net earnings              7,941                             7,941                —                —           —  
  Cash dividends paid      -5,854                            -5,854                —                —           —  
  ($2.43per share)                                                                                                 
  Employee                                                                                                         
  compensation and          1,015                              -570                —                —       1,585  
  stock option                                                                                                     
  plans                                                                                                            
  Repurchase of common     -1,611                                 —                —                —      -1,611  
  stock                                                                                                            
  Other                        -1                                 —                —                —          -1  
  Other comprehensive                                                                                              
  income (loss), net        1,274                                 —            1,274                —           —  
  of tax                                                                                                           
  Balance, June 30,       $71,538                           155,360          -11,253            3,120     -75,689  
  2024                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                   
  6                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

Johnson & Johnson and subsidiaries consolidated statements of cash flows

(Unaudited; Dollars in Millions)
                                                                                             
                                              Fiscal Six Months  June 29,          June 30,  
                                              Ended                  2025              2024  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash flows from operating activities                                                       
  Net earnings                                                    $16,536             7,941  
  Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to                                                   
  cash flows from operating activities:                                                      
  Depreciation and amortization of                                  3,715             3,597  
  property and intangibles                                                                   
  Stock based compensation                                            698               643  
  Asset write-downs                                                    30               379  
  Charges for purchase of in-process                                   92                 —  
  research and development assets                                                            
  Net gain on sale of assets/businesses                               -74              -223  
  Deferred tax provision                                            2,997            -2,257  
  Credit losses and accounts receivable                                 3                 —  
  allowances                                                                                 
  Changes in assets and liabilities, net                                                     
  of effects from acquisitions and                                                           
  divestitures:                                                                              
                                                                                             
  Increase in accounts receivable                                  -2,283            -1,163  
  Increase in inventories                                            -656              -739  
  (Decrease) / Increase in accounts                                  -886               449  
  payable and accrued liabilities                                                            
  (Increase)/Decrease in other current and                         -6,194             3,731  
  non-current assets                                                                         
  Decrease in other current and                                    -5,926            -3,068  
  non-current liabilities                                                                    
  Net cash flows from operating activities                          8,052             9,290  
  Cash flows from investing activities                                                       
  Additions to property, plant and                                 -1,838            -1,783  
  equipment                                                                                  
  Proceeds from the disposal of                                       332               573  
  assets/businesses, net (Note 10)                                                           
  Acquisitions, net of cash acquired (Note                        -14,458           -14,807  
  10)                                                                                        
  Acquired in-process research and                                                           
  development assets / related milestones                            -369                 —  
  (Note 10)                                                                                  
  Purchases of investments                                           -431            -1,184  
  Sales of investments                                                953             1,706  
  Credit support agreements activity, net                          -2,684             1,430  
  Other (including capitalized licenses                               -66               -86  
  and milestones)                                                                            
  Net cash used by investing activities                           -18,561           -14,151  
  Cash flows from financing activities                                                       
  Dividends to shareholders                                        -6,118            -5,854  
  Repurchase of common stock                                       -2,127            -1,611  
  Proceeds from short-term debt, net                                9,349            13,976  
  Repayment of short-term debt, net                                -5,058            -3,915  
  Proceeds from long-term debt, net of                              9,138             6,659  
  issuance costs                                                                             
  Repayment of long-term debt                                        -754              -803  
  Proceeds from the exercise of stock                                                        
  options/employee withholding tax on                                 557               290  
  stock awards, net                                                                          
  Credit support agreements activity, net                            -271               281  
  Settlement of convertible debt acquired                               —    -970            
  from Shockwave                                                                             
  Other                                                                41                37  
  Net cash from financing activities                                4,757             8,090  
  Effect of exchange rate changes on cash                             224              -210  
  and cash equivalents                                                                       
  (Decrease) / Increase in cash and cash                           -5,528             3,019  
  equivalents                                                                                
  Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of                          24,105            21,859  
  period                                                                                     
  Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                         18,577            24,878  
                                                                                             
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q7                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
   Notes to consolidated financial statements                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Note 1 — The accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements and related notes should be read in
conjunction with the audited Consolidated Financial Statements of Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiaries (the
Company) and related notes as contained in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 29, 2024. The unaudited interim financial statements include all adjustments (consisting only of normal
recurring adjustments) and accruals necessary in the judgment of management for a fair statement of the results for
the periods presented.

Columns and rows within tables may not add due to rounding. Percentages have been calculated using actual, non-
rounded figures.
New accounting standards
The Company assesses the adoption impacts of recently issued accounting standards by the Financial Accounting
Standards Board on the Company's financial statements as well as material updates to previous assessments, if any,
from the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2024.
Recently adopted accounting standards
There were no new material accounting standards adopted in the fiscal six months of 2025.
Recently issued accounting standards
There were no new material accounting standards issued in the fiscal six months of 2025.
Supplier finance program obligations

The Company has agreements for supplier finance programs with third-party financial institutions. These programs
provide enrolled suppliers the ability to finance payment obligations from the Company with the third-party
financial institutions. The Company is not a party to the arrangements between the suppliers and the third-party
financial institutions. The Company’s obligations to its suppliers, including amounts due, and scheduled payment
dates (which have general payment terms of 90days), are not affected by a participating supplier’s decision to join
in the program.

Confirmed obligations under the program as of June 29, 2025, and December 29, 2024, were $ 0.7billion and $
0.8billion, respectively. The obligations are presented as Accounts payable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
                                                                                                                   
  Note 2 — Inventories                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                    
  (Dollars in Millions)         June 29, 2025    December 29, 2024  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Raw materials and supplies           $2,389                2,337  
  Goods in process                      3,971                2,815  
  Finished goods                        7,052                7,292  
  Total inventories                   $13,412               12,444  
                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
  8                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Note 3 — Intangible assets and goodwill                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
Intangible assets that have finite useful lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. The latest annual
impairment assessment of goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets was completed in the fiscal fourth quarter
of 2024. Future impairment tests for goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets will be performed annually in
the fiscal fourth quarter, or sooner, if warranted.
                                                                                  
  (Dollars in Millions)                       June 29, 2025    December 29, 2024  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Intangible assets with definite lives:                                          
  Patents and trademarks — gross                    $53,272               44,695  
  Less accumulated amortization                     -30,756              -26,124  
  Patents and trademarks — net                      $22,516               18,571  
  Customer relationships and other                   21,910               20,310  
  intangibles — gross                                                             
  Less accumulated amortization                     -14,487              -13,544  
  Customer relationships and other                   $7,423                6,766  
  intangibles — net(1)                                                            
  Intangible assets with indefinite lives:                                        
  Purchased in-process research and                  19,896               12,281  
  development                                                                     
  Total intangible assets — net                     $49,835               37,618  
                                                                                  
(1) The majority is comprised of customer relationships
Goodwill as of June 29, 2025 was allocated by segment of business as follows:
                                                                                 
  (Dollars in Millions)                Innovative             MedTech     Total  
                                       Medicine                                  
  Goodwill at December 29, 2024                    $10,692     33,508    44,200  
  Goodwill, related to acquisitions                  2,876          —     2,876  
  Goodwill, related to divestitures                      —        -29       -29  
  Currency translation/Other                           758        312     1,070  
  Goodwill at June 29, 2025                        $14,326     33,791    48,117  
                                                                                 
The weighted average amortization period for patents and trademarks is approximately 13years. The weighted average
amortization period for customer relationships and other intangible assets is approximately 19years. The
amortization expense of amortizable intangible assets included in the cost of products sold was $ 1.3billion and $
1.1billion for the fiscal second quarters ended June 29, 2025 and June 30, 2024, respectively. The amortization
expense of amortizable intangible assets included in the cost of products sold was $ 2.4billion and $ 2.2billion
for the fiscal six months ended June 29, 2025 and June 30, 2024, respectively.
The estimated amortization expense for approved products, before tax, for the five succeeding years is
approximately:
                                                             
  (Dollars in Millions)                                      
  2025                      2026     2027     2028     2029  
  $4,500                   4,000    3,400    2,700    2,600  
                                                             
See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details related to acquisitions and
divestitures.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q9                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Note 4 — Fair value measurements                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
The Company uses forward foreign exchange contracts to manage its exposure to the variability of cash flows,
primarily related to the foreign exchange rate changes of future intercompany product and third-party purchases of
materials denominated in a foreign currency. The Company uses cross currency interest rate swaps to manage currency
risk primarily related to borrowings. Both types of derivatives are designated as cash flow hedges.

Additionally, the Company uses interest rate swaps as an instrument to manage interest rate risk related to fixed
rate borrowings. These derivatives are designated as fair value hedges. The Company uses cross currency interest
rate swaps and forward foreign exchange contracts designated as net investment hedges. Additionally, the Company
uses forward foreign exchange contracts to offset its exposure to certain foreign currency assets and liabilities.
These forward foreign exchange contracts are not designated as hedges, and therefore, changes in the fair values of
these derivatives are recognized in earnings, thereby offsetting the current earnings effect of the related foreign
currency assets and liabilities.

The Company does not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes, or that
contain credit risk related contingent features. The Company maintains credit support agreements (CSA) with certain
derivative counterparties establishing collateral thresholds based on respective credit ratings and netting
agreements. As of June 29, 2025, the cumulative amount of cash collateral paid by the Company under the CSA
amounted to $ 5.2billion net, related to net investment and cash flow hedges. On an ongoing basis, the Company
monitors counter-party credit ratings. The Company considers credit non-performance risk to be low because the
Company primarily enters into agreements with commercial institutions that have at least an investment grade credit
rating. Refer to the table on significant financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value contained in this
footnote for receivables and payables with these commercial institutions. As of June 29, 2025, the Company had
notional amounts outstanding for forward foreign exchange contracts, cross currency interest rate swaps and
interest rate swaps of $ 47.7billion, $ 40.9billion and $ 9.0billion, respectively. As of December 29, 2024, the
Company had notional amounts outstanding for forward foreign exchange contracts, cross currency interest rate swaps
and interest rate swaps of $ 45.1billion, $ 40.5billion and $ 9.0billion, respectively.

All derivative instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. Changes in the fair value of
derivatives are recorded each period in current earnings or other comprehensive income, depending on whether the
derivative is designated as part of a hedge transaction, and if so, the type of hedge transaction.

The designation as a cash flow hedge is made at the entrance date of the derivative contract. At inception, all
derivatives are expected to be highly effective. Foreign exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges are
accounted for under the forward method and all gains/losses associated with these contracts will be recognized in
the income statement when the hedged item impacts earnings. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are
recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income until the underlying transaction affects earnings and are then
reclassified to earnings in the same account as the hedged transaction.

Gains and losses associated with interest rate swaps and changes in fair value of hedged debt attributable to
changes in interest rates are recorded to interest expense in the period in which they occur. Gains and losses on
net investment hedges are accounted for through the currency translation account within accumulated other
comprehensive income. The portion excluded from effectiveness testing is recorded through interest (income) expense
using the spot method. On an ongoing basis, the Company assesses whether each derivative continues to be highly
effective in offsetting changes of hedged items. If and when a derivative is no longer expected to be highly
effective, hedge accounting is discontinued.

The Company designated its Euro denominated notes with due dates ranging from 2028 to 2055 as a net investment
hedge of the Company's investments in certain of its international subsidiaries that use the Euro as their
functional currency in order to reduce the volatility caused by changes in exchange rates.

As of June 29, 2025, the balance of deferred net loss on derivatives included in accumulated other comprehensive
income was $ 0.7billion after-tax. For additional information, see the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income and Note 7. The Company expects that substantially all of the amounts related to forward foreign exchange
contracts will be reclassified into earnings over the next 12 months as a result of transactions that are expected
to occur over that period. The maximum length of time over which the Company is hedging transaction exposure is
18months, excluding interest rate contracts and net investment hedge contracts. The amount ultimately realized in
earnings may differ as foreign exchange rates change. Realized gains and losses are ultimately determined by actual
exchange rates at maturity of the derivative.
                                                                                                                   
  10                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
The following table is a summary of the activity related to derivatives and hedges for the fiscal second quarters
ended June 29, 2025 and June 30, 2024, net of tax:
                                                                                                                   
        Ju…                                                      J…                                                
        29,                                                      3…                                                
        20…                                                      2…                                                
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (…                Co…                    I…         O…                    C…                   I…         O…     
  in         Sa…    of          R…         (…         (…             Sa…    of        R&D        (…         (…     
  M…                Pr…         E…         E…         E…                    P…        Ex…        E…         E…     
                    So…                                                     S…                                     
  T…                                                                                                               
  e…                                                                                                               
  of                                                                                                               
  f…                                                                                                               
  v…                                                                                                               
  n…                                                                                                               
  i…                                                                                                               
  a…                                                                                                               
  c…                                                                                                               
  f…                                                                                                               
  h…                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
  G…                                                                                                               
  (…                                                                                                               
  on                                                                                                               
  f…                                                                                                               
  v…                                                                                                               
  h…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  I…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  s…                                                                                                               
  c…                                                                                                               
  H…          $—           —          —         52          —          —         —          —        -53        —  
  i…                                                                                                               
  D…                                                                                                               
  d…                                                                                                               
  as           —           —          —        -52          —          —         —          —         53        —  
  h…                                                                                                               
  i…                                                                                                               
  G…                                                                                                               
  (…                                                                                                               
  on                                                                                                               
  n…                                                                                                               
  i…                                                                                                               
  h…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  C…                                                                                                               
  c…                                                                                                               
  i…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  s…                                                                                                               
  c…                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  of                                                                                                               
  g…                                                                                                               
  or                                                                                                               
  (…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  in                                                                                                               
  i…           —           —          —         48          —          —         —          —         33        —  
  on                                                                                                               
  d…                                                                                                               
  a…                                                                                                               
  e…                                                                                                               
  f…                                                                                                               
  e…                                                                                                               
  t…                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  of                                                                                                               
  g…                                                                                                               
  or           —           —          —         48          —          —         —          —         33        —  
  (…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  in                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  G…                                                                                                               
  (…                                                                                                               
  on                                                                                                               
  c…                                                                                                               
  f…                                                                                                               
  h…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  F…                                                                                                               
  f…                                                                                                               
  e…                                                                                                               
  c…                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  of                                                                                                               
  g…                                                                                                               
  or                                                                                                               
  (…           2         -1…        -16          —         -3         -1        94          8          —        3  
  r…                                                                                                               
  f…                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  i…                                                                                                               
  i…                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  of                                                                                                               
  g…                                                                                                               
  or          11         466        -72          —        -29          2        66         11          —        1  
  (…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  in                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  C…                                                                                                               
  c…                                                                                                               
  i…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  s…                                                                                                               
  c…                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  of                                                                                                               
  g…                                                                                                               
  or                                                                                                               
  (…           —           —          —         76          —          —         —          —         42        —  
  r…                                                                                                               
  f…                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  i…                                                                                                               
  i…                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  of                                                                                                               
  g…                                                                                                               
  or          $—           —          —        108          —          —         —          —        -38        —  
  (…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  in                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q11                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

The following table is a summary of the activity related to derivatives and hedges for the fiscal six months ended
June 29, 2025 and June 30, 2024, net of tax:
                                                                                                                   
          June                                                June                                                 
          29,                                                 30,                                                  
          2025                                                2024                                                 
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (Do…                     Cost             Inte…    Other                      Cost              Inte…     Other  
  in             Sales       of      R&D    (Inc…    (Inc…            Sales       of       R&D    (Inc…    (Inco…  
  Mil…                    Prod…    Expe…    Expe…    Expe…                     Prod…    Expen…    Expe…    Expen…  
                           Sold                                                 Sold                               
  The                                                                                                              
  eff…                                                                                                             
  of                                                                                                               
  fair                                                                                                             
  val…                                                                                                             
  net                                                                                                              
  inv…                                                                                                             
  and                                                                                                              
  cash                                                                                                             
  flow                                                                                                             
  hed…                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
  Gain                                                                                                             
  (Lo…                                                                                                             
  on                                                                                                               
  fair                                                                                                             
  val…                                                                                                             
  hed…                                                                                                             
  rel…                                                                                                             
  Int…                                                                                                             
  rate                                                                                                             
  swa…                                                                                                             
  con…                                                                                                             
  Hed…              $—        —        —      240        —                —        —         —      -45         —  
  ite…                                                                                                             
  Der…                                                                                                             
  des…                                                                                                             
  as                 —        —        —     -240        —                —        —         —       45         —  
  hed…                                                                                                             
  ins…                                                                                                             
  Gain                                                                                                             
  (Lo…                                                                                                             
  on                                                                                                               
  net                                                                                                              
  inv…                                                                                                             
  hed…                                                                                                             
  rel…                                                                                                             
  Cro…                                                                                                             
  cur…                                                                                                             
  int…                                                                                                             
  rate                                                                                                             
  swa…                                                                                                             
  con…                                                                                                             
  Amo…                                                                                                             
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or                                                                                                               
  (lo…                                                                                                             
  rec…                                                                                                             
  in                                                                                                               
  inc…               —        —        —       98        —                —        —         —       67         —  
  on                                                                                                               
  der…                                                                                                             
  amo…                                                                                                             
  exc…                                                                                                             
  from                                                                                                             
  eff…                                                                                                             
  tes…                                                                                                             
  Amo…                                                                                                             
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or                 —        —        —       98        —                —        —         —       67         —  
  (lo…                                                                                                             
  rec…                                                                                                             
  in                                                                                                               
  AOCI                                                                                                             
  Gain                                                                                                             
  (Lo…                                                                                                             
  on                                                                                                               
  cash                                                                                                             
  flow                                                                                                             
  hed…                                                                                                             
  rel…                                                                                                             
  For…                                                                                                             
  for…                                                                                                             
  exc…                                                                                                             
  con…                                                                                                             
  Amo…                                                                                                             
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or                                                                                                               
  (lo…               1     -122      -15        —       -3                —      259        12        —         1  
  rec…                                                                                                             
  from                                                                                                             
  AOCI                                                                                                             
  into                                                                                                             
  inc…                                                                                                             
  Amo…                                                                                                             
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or                14      571     -108        —      -40               -1       47        33        —         5  
  (lo…                                                                                                             
  rec…                                                                                                             
  in                                                                                                               
  AOCI                                                                                                             
  Cro…                                                                                                             
  cur…                                                                                                             
  int…                                                                                                             
  rate                                                                                                             
  swa…                                                                                                             
  con…                                                                                                             
  Amo…                                                                                                             
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or                                                                                                               
  (lo…               —        —        —      158        —                —        —         —       91         —  
  rec…                                                                                                             
  from                                                                                                             
  AOCI                                                                                                             
  into                                                                                                             
  inc…                                                                                                             
  Amo…                                                                                                             
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or                $—        —        —      673        —                —        —         —     -243         —  
  (lo…                                                                                                             
  rec…                                                                                                             
  in                                                                                                               
  AOCI                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  12                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
As of June 29, 2025, and December 29, 2024, the following amounts were recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet
related to cumulative basis adjustment for fair value hedges:
                                                                                                                   
                                                            Cumulative Amount                                      
  Line item in the                                          of Fair Value                                          
  Consolidated                                              Hedging Gain/                                          
  Balance Sheet in                                          (Loss) Included                                        
  which the hedged                       Carrying Amount    in the                                                 
  item is included                         of the Hedged    Carrying Amount                                        
  (Dollars in                                  Liability    of the Hedged                                          
  Millions)           June 29, 2025    December 29, 2024    Liability          June 29, 2025    December 29, 2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Long-term Debt             $8,209                7,935                                -820               -1,132  
                                                                                                                   
The following table is the effect of derivatives not designated as hedging instruments for the fiscal second
quarters ended and fiscal six months ended 2025 and 2024:
                                                                                                                   
  (Dollars                              Gain/(Lo…                                                                  
  in           Location                 Recogniz…                             Gain/(Los…                           
  Millions)    of                       In                                    Recognized                           
  Derivati…    Gain                     Income on                             In                                   
  Not          /(Loss)                  Derivati…                             Income on                            
  Designat…    Recogniz…                Fiscal                                Derivative                           
  as           in                       Second                                Fiscal Six                           
  Hedging      Income on                Quarter    June 29,       June 30,    Months       June 29,      June 30,  
  Instrume…    Derivati…                Ended      2025               2024    Ended            2025          2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Foreign                 Other                                                                                    
  Exchange                (income)                 $(19)                20                       43            45  
  Contracts               expense                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
The following table is the effect of net investment hedges for the fiscal second quarters ended in 2025 and 2024:
                                                                                                                   
                                                           Location of                                             
                                                           Gain or                                                 
                                                           (Loss)         Gain/(Loss)                              
                Gain/(Loss)                                Reclassifi…    Reclassifi…                              
                Recognized                                 from           From                                     
  (Dollars      In                                         Accumulated    Accumulated                              
  in            Accumulated  June 29,          June 30,    OCI  Into      OCI          June 29,       June 30,     
  Millions)     OCI          2025                  2024    Income         Into Income  2025           2024         
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                           Interest                                                
  Debt                       $(803)                  46    (income)                    —              —            
                                                           expense                                                 
  Cross                                                    Interest                                                
  Currency                   $(700)                  92    (income)                    —              —            
  interest                                                 expense                                                 
  rate swaps                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
The following table is the effect of net investment hedges for the fiscal six months ended in 2025 and 2024
                                                                                                                   
                                                     Location                                                      
                                                     of Gain or               Gain/(Los…                           
                                                     (Loss)                   Reclassif…                           
               Gain/(Lo…                             Reclassif…               From                                 
               Recogniz…                             from                     Accumulat…                           
  (Dollars     In                                    Accumulat…               OCI                                  
  in           Accumula…    June 29,     June 30,    OCI Into                 Into        June 29,     June 30,    
  Millions)    OCI              2025         2024    Income                   Income      2025         2024        
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                 Interest                                          
  Debt                      $(1,119)          130                (income)                 —            —           
                                                                 expense                                           
  Cross                                                                                                            
  Currency                                                       Interest                                          
  interest                      $140          820                (income)                 —            —           
  rate                                                           expense                                           
  swaps                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q13                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

The Company holds equity investments with readily determinable fair values and equity investments without readily
determinable fair values. The Company has elected to measure equity investments that do not have readily
determinable fair values at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price
changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer.
The following table is a summary of the activity related to equity investments:
                                                                                                                   
                     December 29,                                                                                  
                             2024                                                  June 29, 2025                   
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                     Changes in                                                                    
  (Dollars in            Carrying    Fair Value            -Sales)/               Carrying Value      Non Current  
  Millions)                 Value    Reflected in          Purchases/Ot…                             Other Assets  
                                     Net Income(1)                                                                 
  Equity                                                                                                           
  Investments                                                                                                      
  with readily               $451                   -57                   59                 453              453  
  determinable                                                                                                     
  value                                                                                                            
  Equity                                                                                                           
  Investments                                                                                                      
  without                    $773                   -26                   76                 823              823  
  readily                                                                                                          
  determinable                                                                                                     
  value                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
(1) Recorded in Other (income)/expense, net
(2) Other includes impact of currency
Fair value is the exit price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability. Fair value is
a market-based measurement determined using assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or
liability. In accordance with ASC 820, a three-level hierarchy was established to prioritize the inputs used in
measuring fair value. The levels within the hierarchy are described below with Level 1 inputs having the highest
priority and Level 3 inputs having the lowest.

The fair value of a derivative financial instrument (i.e., forward foreign exchange contracts, interest rate
contracts) is the aggregation by currency of all future cash flows discounted to its present value at the
prevailing market interest rates and subsequently converted to the U.S. Dollar at the current spot foreign exchange
rate. The Company does not believe that fair values of these derivative instruments materially differ from the
amounts that could be realized upon settlement or maturity, or that the changes in fair value will have a material
effect on the Company’s results of operations, cash flows or financial position. The Company also holds equity
investments which are classified as Level 1 and debt securities which are classified as Level 2. The Company holds
acquisition related contingent liabilities based upon certain regulatory and commercial events, which are
classified as Level 3, whose values are determined using discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques
for which the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimations.

The following three levels of inputs are used to measure fair value:

Level 1 — Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.

Level 2 — Significant other observable inputs.

Level 3 — Significant unobservable inputs.
                                                                                                                   
  14                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
The Company’s significant financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of June 29, 2025 and December
29, 2024 were as follows:
                                                                                                                   
                                June 29, 2025                                            December 29, 2024         
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (Dollars in Millions)                        Level 1    Level 2    Level 3    Total    Total(1)                  
  Derivatives designated as                                                                                        
  hedging                                                                                                          
  instruments:                                                                                                     
  Assets:                                                                                                          
  Forward foreign exchange                          $—      1,006          —    1,006                         660  
  contracts                                                                                                        
  Interest rate contracts(2)                         —        431          —      431                       1,484  
  Total                                              —      1,437          —    1,437                       2,144  
  Liabilities:                                                                                                     
  Forward foreign exchange                           —        774          —      774                         794  
  contracts                                                                                                        
  Interest rate contracts(2)                         —      6,234          —    6,234                       3,753  
  Total                                              —      7,008          —    7,008                       4,547  
  Derivatives not designated                                                                                       
  as hedging                                                                                                       
  instruments:                                                                                                     
  Assets:                                                                                                          
  Forward foreign exchange                           —         57          —       57                          50  
  contracts                                                                                                        
  Liabilities:                                                                                                     
  Forward foreign exchange                           —         72          —       72                          17  
  contracts                                                                                                        
  Other Investments:                                                                                               
  Equity investments(3)                            453          —          —      453                         451  
  Debt securities(4)                                 —      2,094          —    2,094                       7,216  
  Other Liabilities:                                                                                               
  Contingent                                        $—          —      1,157    1,157                       1,217  
  consideration(5)                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                
  Gross to Net Derivative Reconciliation    June 29, 2025    December 29, 2024  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (Dollars in Millions)                                                         
  Total Gross Assets                               $1,494                2,194  
  Credit Support Agreement (CSA)                   -1,471               -2,172  
  Total Net Asset                                      23                   22  
  Total Gross Liabilities                           7,080                4,564  
  Credit Support Agreement (CSA)                   -6,666               -4,412  
  Total Net Liabilities                              $414                  152  
                                                                                
Summarized information about changes in liabilities for contingent consideration for the fiscal second quarters
ended June 29, 2025 and June 30, 2024 is as follows:
                                                                        
                                        June 29, 2025    June 30, 2024  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (Dollars in Millions)                                                 
  Beginning Balance                            $1,217            1,092  
  Changes in estimated fair value(6)              -60               44  
  Additions                                         —              112  
  Payments                                          —                —  
  Ending Balance                               $1,157            1,248  
                                                                        
(1) 2024 assets and liabilities are all classified as Level 2 with the exception of equity investments of $
451million, which are classified as Level 1 and contingent consideration of $ 1,217million, classified as Level 3.
(2) Includes cross currency interest rate swaps and interest rate swaps.
(3) Classified as non-current other assets.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q15                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

(4) Classified within cash equivalents and current marketable securities.

(5) Includes $ 1,107million and $ 1,217million classified as non-current other liabilities as of June 29, 2025 and
December 29, 2024, respectively. Includes $ 50million classified as current liabilities as of June 29, 2025.

(6) Ongoing fair value adjustment amounts are primarily recorded in Research and Development expense.
The Company's cash, cash equivalents and current marketable securities as of June 29, 2025 comprised:
                                                                                                                   
  (Dollars     Carrying             Unrealized        Estimated             Cash &                Current          
  in           Amount               Gain              Fair Value            Cash                  Marketable       
  Millions)                                                                 Equivalen…            Securities       
  Cash                    $3,246                 —                 3,246                 3,246                  —  
  U.S.                                                                                                             
  reverse                  8,040                 —                 8,040                 8,040                  —  
  repurcha…                                                                                                        
  agreemen…                                                                                                        
  Money                                                                                                            
  market                   4,637                 —                 4,637                 4,637                  —  
  funds                                                                                                            
  Time                       863                 —                   863                   863                  —  
  deposits…                                                                                                        
  Subtotal                16,786                 —                16,786                16,786                  —  
  U.S.                                                                                                             
  Gov’t                    1,673                 —                 1,673                 1,659                 14  
  securiti…                                                                                                        
  Other                                                                                                            
  sovereign                  193                 —                   193                    94                 99  
  securiti…                                                                                                        
  Corporate                                                                                                        
  debt                       228                 —                   228                    38                190  
  securiti…                                                                                                        
  Subtotal                                                                                                         
  available               $2,094                 —                 2,094                 1,791                303  
  for sale                                                                                                         
  debt(2)                                                                                                          
  Total                                                                                                            
  cash,                                                                                                            
  cash                                                                                                             
  equivale…              $18,880                 —                18,880                18,577                303  
  and                                                                                                              
  current                                                                                                          
  marketab…                                                                                                        
  securiti…                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
(1) Held to maturity investments are reported at amortized cost and gains or losses are reported in earnings.
(2) Available for sale debt securities are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reported net of
taxes in other comprehensive income.
As of the fiscal year ended December 29, 2024, the carrying amount of cash, cash equivalents and current marketable
securities was approximately the same as the estimated fair value.

Fair value of government securities and obligations and corporate debt securities was estimated using quoted broker
prices and significant other observable inputs.
The Company classifies all highly liquid investments with stated maturities of three months or less from date of
purchase as cash equivalents and all highly liquid investments with stated maturities of greater than three months
from the date of purchase as current marketable securities. Available for sale securities with stated maturities of
greater than one year from the date of purchase are available to fund current operations and are classified as
current marketable securities.
The contractual maturities of the available for sale securities as of June 29, 2025 are as follows:
                                                                      
  (Dollars in Millions)                     Cost Basis    Fair Value  
  Due within one year                           $2,075         2,075  
  Due after one year through five years             19            19  
  Due after five years through ten years             —             —  
  Total debt securities                         $2,094         2,094  
                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
  16                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
Financial instruments not measured at fair value
The following financial liabilities are held at carrying amount on the consolidated balance sheet as of June 29,
2025:
                                                                                       
  (Dollars in Millions)                       Carrying             Estimated           
                                              Amount               Fair Value          
  Financial Liabilities                                                                
  Current Debt                                          $11,526                11,495  
  Non-Current Debt                                                                     
  2.95% Notes due 2027                                      950                   984  
  0.95% Notes due 2027                                    1,478                 1,410  
  4.50% Notes due 2027(1)                                   749                   757  
  2.90% Notes due 2028                                    1,498                 1,460  
  1.150% Notes due 2028 (750MM Euro1.1704)                  881                   843  
  4.55% Notes due 2028(1)                                   748                   762  
  4.80% Notes due 2029                                    1,146                 1,181  
  6.95% Notes due 2029                                      299                   334  
  2.70% Notes due 2029 (600MM                               706                   708  
  Euro1.1704)(1)                                                                       
  1.30% Notes due 2030                                    1,676                 1,521  
  4.70% Notes due 2030(1)                                   995                 1,022  
  4.90% Notes due 2031                                    1,146                 1,189  
  3.20% Notes due 2032 (700MM Euro1.1704)                   821                   834  
  4.85% Notes due 2032(1)                                 1,242                 1,281  
  4.95% Notes due 2033                                      499                   517  
  4.375% Notes due 2033                                     853                   847  
  3.050% Notes due 2033 (700MM                              822                   822  
  Euro1.1704)(1)                                                                       
  4.95% Notes due 2034                                      847                   880  
  1.650% Notes due 2035 (1.5B Euro1.1704)                 1,756                 1,528  
  5.00% Notes due 2035(1)                                 1,244                 1,282  
  3.35% Notes due 2036 (800MM Euro1.1704)                   937                   939  
  3.587% Notes due 2036                                     905                   902  
  5.95% Notes due 2037                                      994                 1,103  
  3.625% Notes due 2037                                   1,396                 1,334  
  3.350% Notes due 2037 (1.0B                             1,175                 1,160  
  Euro1.1704)(1)                                                                       
  3.40% Notes due 2038                                      993                   857  
  5.85% Notes due 2038                                      697                   761  
  4.50% Notes due 2040                                      542                   523  
  2.10% Notes due 2040                                      885                   684  
  4.85% Notes due 2041                                      298                   291  
  4.50% Notes due 2043                                      496                   459  
  3.55% Notes due 2044 (1.0B Euro1.1704)                  1,103                 1,135  
  3.60% Notes due 2045 (700MM                               819                   792  
  Euro1.1704)(1)                                                                       
  3.73% Notes due 2046                                    1,979                 1,592  
  3.75% Notes due 2047                                      863                   798  
  3.50% Notes due 2048                                      744                   567  
  2.25% Notes due 2050                                      851                   580  
  5.25% Notes due 2054                                      843                   837  
                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q17                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                   
  3.70% Notes due 2055 (1.0B      1,172     1,118  
  Euro1.1704)(1)                                   
  2.45% Notes due 2060            1,102       694  
  Other                              85        88  
  Total Non-Current Debt        $39,235    37,376  
                                                   
(1) In the fiscal first quarter of 2025, the Company issued senior unsecured notes for approximately $ 9.2billion.
The net proceeds from this offering were used to fund the Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc. acquisition which closed
on April 2, 2025, and for general corporate purposes.

The weighted average effective interest rate on non-current debt is 3.57%.

The excess of the carrying value over the estimated fair value of debt was $ 2.0billion at December 29, 2024.

Fair value of the non-current debt was estimated using market prices, which were corroborated by quoted broker
prices and significant other observable inputs.

The current debt balance as of June 29, 2025, includes $ 8.5billion of commercial paper which has a weighted
average interest rate of 4.28% and a weighted average maturity of approximately two months.
                                                                                                                   
  Note 5 — Income taxes                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
The worldwide effective income tax rates for the fiscal six months of 2025 and 2024 were 17.8% and 16.1%,
respectively.

The increase in the worldwide effective tax rate is primarily due to more income in higher tax jurisdictions,
specifically in the U.S. In the fiscal six months of 2025 the Company reversed previously accrued reserves of
approximately $ 7.0billion for the Talc settlement proposal versus a charge of $ 3.0billion recorded in the fiscal
six months of 2024 for the Talc settlement proposal. Both were recorded at an effective rate for U.S. federal and
state tax of approximately 22% (for further information see Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).
Additionally in the fiscal six months of 2025, the effective tax rate benefited primarily from changes in uncertain
international tax positions due to expiration of statute of limitations.

Subsequent to the end of the fiscal second quarter, on July 4, 2025, the United States enacted into law new tax
legislation, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act, (OBBBA). The OBBBA includes provisions modifying the corporate income
tax code, including the immediate expensing of domestic research and development expenditures for tax purposes,
100% bonus depreciation for qualified assets, and an increase in the statutory tax rate on foreign earnings from
10.5% to 12.6% (effective in the fiscal year 2026). The law also renamed the provision for taxes on foreign
earnings from Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income (GILTI) to Net Controlled Foreign Corporation (CFC) Tested Income
(NCTI). The Company has elected to account for GILTI, now NCTI, under the deferred method. The deferred tax amounts
recorded are based on the evaluation of temporary differences that are expected to reverse as NCTI is incurred in
future periods. As a result, the Company will remeasure its deferred tax balances related to NCTI for the changes
in the tax rate and will record an adjustment to this balance in the fiscal third quarter. The Company is still
assessing this impact but is estimating this one-time re-measurement cost to be approximately $ 1.0billion.

As of June 29, 2025, the Company had approximately $ 2.2billion of liabilities from unrecognized tax benefits. The
Company conducts business and files tax returns in numerous countries and currently has tax audits in progress in a
number of jurisdictions. With respect to the United States, the Internal Revenue Service has completed its audit
for the tax years through 2016 and the audit for tax years 2017 through 2020 is ongoing.

In other major jurisdictions where the Company conducts business, the years that remain open to tax audit go back
to the year 2013. The Company believes it is possible that tax audits may be completed over the next twelve months
by taxing authorities in some jurisdictions outside of the United States.
                                                                                                                   
  18                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Note 6 — Pensions and other benefit plans                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
Components of net periodic benefit cost
Net periodic benefit costs for the Company’s defined benefit retirement plans and other benefit plans include the
following components:
                                                                                                                   
            Fiscal                                               Fiscal                                            
            Second                                               Six                                               
            Quarter                                              Months                                            
            Ended                                                Ended                                             
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                Retire…                 Other                        Retire…                Other  
                                  Plans               Benefit                          Plans               Benef…  
                                                        Plans                                               Plans  
  (Doll…                June       June       June       June                June       June       June      June  
  in                     29,        30,        29,        30,                 29,        30,        29,       30,  
  Milli…                2025       2024       2025       2024                2025       2024       2025      2024  
  Servi…                $219        222         72         69                 433        446        144       138  
  cost                                                                                                             
  Inter…                 356        351         53         52                 707        703        107       104  
  cost                                                                                                             
  Expec…                                                                                                           
  return                                                                                                           
  on                    -599       -639         -1         -1              -1,186     -1,281         -3        -3  
  plan                                                                                                             
  assets                                                                                                           
  Amort…                                                                                                           
  of                                                                                                               
  prior                  -46        -46         -1         -1                 -92        -92         -1        -1  
  servi…                                                                                                           
  cost/…                                                                                                           
  Recog…                                                                                                           
  actua…                  85         44         15         13                 168         87         31        26  
  (gain…                                                                                                           
  Curta…                                                                                                           
  and                      —         -8          —          —                   —         -8          —         —  
  settl…                                                                                                           
  Speci…                                                                                                           
  termi…                   1          —          —          —                   1          —          —         —  
  benef…                                                                                                           
  Net                                                                                                              
  perio…                 $16        -76        138        132                  31       -145        278       264  
  benef…                                                                                                           
  cost/…                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
The service cost component of net periodic benefit cost is presented in the same line items on the Consolidated
Statement of Earnings where other employee compensation costs are reported, including Cost of products sold,
Research and development expense, and Selling, marketing and administrative expenses. All other components of net
periodic benefit cost are presented as part of Other (income) expense, net on the Consolidated Statement of
Earnings.

Company contributions

For the fiscal six months ended June 29, 2025, the Company contributed $ 69million and $ 8million to its U.S. and
international retirement plans, respectively. The Company plans to continue to fund its U.S. defined benefit plans
to comply with the Pension Protection Act of 2006. International plans are funded in accordance with local
regulations.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q19                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Note 7 — Accumulated other comprehensive income                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
Components of other comprehensive income/(loss) consist of the following:
                                                                                                                   
                                                                              Gain/            Total               
  (Dollars    Foreign                Gain/            Employee            (Loss) On            Accumula…           
  in          Currency               (Loss) On        Benefit             Derivati…            Other               
  Million…    Translat…              Securiti…        Plans                & Hedges            Comprehe…           
                                                                                               Income/(…           
  December               $(8,441)                1              -1,551               -1,750               -11,741  
  29, 2024                                                                                                         
  Net                      -3,739               -1                  85                1,091                -2,564  
  change                                                                                                           
  June 29,                -12,180                0              -1,466         -659                       -14,305  
  2025                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
Amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income are presented net of the related tax impact. Foreign currency
translation is not adjusted for income taxes where it relates to permanent investments in international
subsidiaries. For additional details on comprehensive income see the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income.

Details on reclassifications out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income:

Gain/(Loss) On Securities - reclassifications released to Other (income) expense, net.

Employee Benefit Plans - reclassifications are included in net periodic benefit cost. See Note 6 for additional
details.

Gain/(Loss) On Derivatives & Hedges - reclassifications to earnings are recorded in the same account as the
underlying transaction. See Note 4 for additional details.
                                                                                                                   
  Note 8 — Earnings per share                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
The following is a reconciliation of basic net earnings per share to diluted net earnings per share:
                                                                                                                   
  (Shares in      Fiscal Second                                    Fiscal Six                                      
  Millions)       Quarter Ended  June 29, 2025    June 30, 2024    Months Ended    June 29, 2025    June 30, 2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Basic net                                                                                                        
  earnings per                           $2.30             1.95                             6.87             3.30  
  share                                                                                                            
  Average                                                                                                          
  shares                               2,406.3          2,406.8                          2,406.7          2,407.5  
  outstanding                                                                                                      
  — basic                                                                                                          
  Potential                                                                                                        
  shares                                                                                                           
  exercisable                             64.6             62.6                             67.0             79.3  
  under stock                                                                                                      
  option plans                                                                                                     
  Less: shares                                                                                                     
  which could                                                                                                      
  be                                                                                                               
  repurchased                            -51.8            -47.4                            -50.4            -58.3  
  under                                                                                                            
  treasury                                                                                                         
  stock method                                                                                                     
  Average                                                                                                          
  shares                               2,419.1          2,422.0                          2,423.3          2,428.5  
  outstanding                                                                                                      
  — diluted                                                                                                        
  Diluted net                                                                                                      
  earnings per                           $2.29             1.93                             6.82             3.27  
  share                                                                                                            
  (Shares in                                                                                                       
  Millions)                                                                                                        
  The diluted                                                                                                      
  net earnings                                                                                                     
  per share                                                                                                        
  calculation                                                                                                      
  excluded the                                                                                                     
  following                                                                                                        
  number of                                                                                                        
  shares                                                                                                           
  related to                                                                                                       
  stock                                                                                                            
  options, as                             66.3             72.2                             63.3             53.8  
  the exercise                                                                                                     
  price of                                                                                                         
  these                                                                                                            
  options was                                                                                                      
  greater than                                                                                                     
  the average                                                                                                      
  market value                                                                                                     
  of the                                                                                                           
  Company’s                                                                                                        
  stock.                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  20                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
   Note 9 — Segments of business and geographic areas                                                              
                                                                                                                   
The Company is organized into twobusiness segments: Innovative Medicine and MedTech.

The Company’s chief operating decision maker (CODM) is the Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer).
For the Innovative Medicine and MedTech segments, the CODM uses segment income before tax to allocate resources
(including employees, financial, and capital resources) for each segment predominantly in the annual forecasting
process. The CODM considers planning-to-actual variances on a quarterly basis to assess performance and make
decisions about allocating resources to the segments.

Sales by segment of business
                                                                                                                   
               Fiscal                                                                                              
  (Dollars     Second                                              Fiscal Six                                      
  in           Quarter    June 29,    June 30,          Percent    Months      June 29,    June 30,    Percent     
  Millions)    Ended          2025        2024          Change     Ended           2025        2024     Change     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  INNOVATI…                                                                                                        
  MEDICINE                                                                                                         
  Oncology                                                                                                         
  U.S.                      $3,385       2,636    28.4  %                        $6,398       5,019       27.5  %  
  Internat…                  2,928       2,455    19.3                            5,592       4,885       14.5     
  Worldwide                  6,312       5,090    24.0                           11,990       9,904       21.1     
  CARVYKTI                                                                                                         
  U.S.                         358         167          *                           676         307             *  
  Internat…                     81          20          *                           132          36             *  
  Worldwide                    439         186          *                           808         343             *  
  DARZALEX                                                                                                         
  U.S.                       2,017       1,641    23.0                            3,846       3,105       23.9     
  Internat…                  1,521       1,237    23.0                            2,930       2,465       18.9     
  Worldwide                  3,539       2,878    23.0                            6,776       5,570       21.7     
  ERLEADA                                                                                                          
  U.S.                         378         318    18.6                              670         603       11.0     
  Internat…                    530         418    27.0                            1,009         822       22.9     
  Worldwide                    908         736    23.4                            1,679       1,425       17.8     
  IMBRUVICA                                                                                                        
  U.S.                         239         246    -2.7                              474         511       -7.3     
  Internat…                    496         525    -5.4                              970       1,043       -6.9     
  Worldwide                    735         770    -4.5                            1,444       1,554       -7.0     
  RYBREVAN…                                                                                                        
  LAZCLUZE…                                                                                                        
  U.S.                         139          52          *                           252          88             *  
  Internat…                     41          17          *                            69          28             *  
  Worldwide                    179          69          *                           320         116             *  
  TALVEY                                                                                                           
  U.S.                          82          59    38.0                              150         109       36.7     
  Internat…                     24           9          *                            42          17             *  
  Worldwide                    106          69    55.0                              192         127       52.0     
  TECVAYLI                                                                                                         
  U.S.                         114         104     8.2                              219         205        6.6     
  Internat…                     52          30    74.8                               98          63       56.0     
  Worldwide                    166         135    23.1                              317         268       18.2     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q21                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
              Fiscal                                                                                               
  (Dollars    Second                                               Fiscal Six                                      
  in          Quarter    June 29,    June 30,           Percent    Months      June 29,    June 30,    Percent     
  Million…    Ended          2025        2024           Change     Ended           2025        2024     Change     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  ZYTIGA/…                                                                                                         
  acetate                                                                                                          
  U.S.                          6          11    -38.9                               13          20      -31.9     
  Interna…                    139         154     -9.8                              257         326      -21.1     
  Worldwi…                    145         165    -11.6                              270         346      -21.7     
  OTHER                                                                                                            
  ONCOLOGY                                                                                                         
  U.S.                         50          37     36.9                               97          70       39.8     
  Interna…                     42          45     -8.7                               84          86       -2.5     
  Worldwi…                     93          83     11.7                              182         156       16.4     
  Immunol…                                                                                                         
  U.S.                      2,505       2,978    -15.9                            4,701       5,431      -13.4     
  Interna…                  1,489       1,744    -14.6                            2,999       3,538      -15.2     
  Worldwi…                  3,993       4,722    -15.4                            7,700       8,969      -14.1     
  REMICADE                                                                                                         
  U.S.                        283         231     22.5                              597         497       20.1     
  U.S.                         34          35     -2.6                               44          62      -28.7     
  Exports                                                                                                          
  Interna…                    138         127      8.6                              281         268        4.8     
  Worldwi…                    455         393     15.9                              922         827       11.5     
  SIMPONI                                                                                                          
  /                                                                                                                
  SIMPONI                                                                                                          
  ARIA                                                                                                             
  U.S.                        305         267     14.0                              597         521       14.4     
  Interna…                    387         270     43.1                              753         569       32.2     
  Worldwi…                    690         537     28.6                            1,349       1,091       23.7     
  STELARA                                                                                                          
  U.S.                      1,078       1,855    -41.9                            2,059       3,251      -36.7     
  Interna…                    575       1,030    -44.2                            1,219       2,085      -41.5     
  Worldwi…                  1,653       2,885    -42.7                            3,278       5,336      -38.6     
  TREMFYA                                                                                                          
  U.S.                        796         589     35.2                            1,395       1,098       27.1     
  Interna…                    391         317     23.2                              747         616       21.2     
  Worldwi…                  1,186         906     31.0                            2,142       1,714       25.0     
  OTHER                                                                                                            
  IMMUNOL…                                                                                                         
  U.S.                          8           2           *                             9           2             *  
  Interna…                      0           0           —                             0           0             —  
  Worldwi…                      8           2           *                             9           2             *  
  Neurosc…                                                                                                         
  U.S.                      1,377       1,102     24.9                            2,345       2,156        8.7     
  Interna…                    674         679     -0.8                            1,353       1,428       -5.2     
  Worldwi…                  2,051       1,782     15.1                            3,698       3,585        3.2     
  CAPLYTA…                                                                                                         
  U.S.                        211           —           *                           211           —             *  
  Interna…                      —           —        —                                —           —          —     
  Worldwi…                    211           —           *                           211           —             *  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  22                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
               Fiscal                                                                                              
  (Dollars     Second                                                 Fiscal Six                                   
  in           Quarter      June 29,    June 30,           Percent    Months      June 29,    June 30,    Percent  
  Millions)    Ended            2025        2024           Change     Ended           2025        2024     Change  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  CONCERTA                                                                                                         
  /                                                                                                                
  methylph…                                                                                                        
  U.S.                            24          34    -27.7                               62          75      -16.6  
  Internat…                      139         129      7.5                              249         265       -6.0  
  Worldwide                      164         163      0.2                              312         340       -8.3  
  INVEGA                                                                                                           
  SUSTENNA                                                                                                         
  / XEPLION                                                                                                        
  / INVEGA                                                                                                         
  TRINZA /                                                                                                         
  TREVICTA                                                                                                         
  U.S.                           732         784     -6.7                            1,357       1,549      -12.4  
  Internat…                      260         269     -3.5                              537         561       -4.2  
  Worldwide                      992       1,054     -5.9                            1,895       2,110      -10.2  
  SPRAVATO                                                                                                         
  U.S.                           366         226     61.1                              642         417       53.7  
  Internat…                       50          44     12.8                               93          78       18.1  
  Worldwide                      414         271     53.3                              734         496       48.1  
  OTHER                                                                                                            
  NEUROSCI…                                                                                                        
  U.S.                            45          57    -23.5                               73         115      -37.0  
  Internat…                      226         237     -4.7                              474         524       -9.5  
  Worldwide                      270         294     -8.4                              547         639      -14.4  
  Pulmonary                                                                                                        
  Hyperten…                                                                                                        
  U.S.                           799         743      7.6                            1,543       1,509        2.3  
  Internat…                      314         296      5.8                              595         579        2.6  
  Worldwide                    1,113       1,039      7.1                            2,138       2,088        2.4  
  OPSUMIT/…                                                                                                        
  U.S.                           403         376      6.9                              766         732        4.6  
  Internat…                      180         171      5.4                              339         340       -0.3  
  Worldwide                      582         548      6.4                            1,104       1,072        3.0  
  UPTRAVI                                                                                                          
  U.S.                           382         349      9.4                              747         741        0.8  
  Internat…                       94          76     22.4                              180         152       17.9  
  Worldwide                      476         426     11.7                              927         894        3.7  
  OTHER                                                                                                            
  PULMONARY                                                                                                        
  HYPERTEN…                                                                                                        
  U.S.                            16          17    -12.4                               31          35      -12.6  
  Internat…                       40          49    -18.5                               77          88      -12.4  
  Worldwide                       55          67    -16.9                              107         123      -12.5  
  Infectio…                                                                                                        
  Diseases                                                                                                         
  U.S.                           320         334     -4.3                              635         658       -3.6  
  Internat…                      484         631    -23.4                              971       1,128      -13.9  
  Worldwide                      803         965    -16.8                            1,605       1,786      -10.1  
  EDURANT /                                                                                                        
  rilpivir…                                                                                                        
  U.S.                             6           8    -25.4                               14          16      -13.6  
  Internat…                      354         288     23.0                              704         603       16.7  
  Worldwide                      360         297     21.6                              718         620       15.9  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q23                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
              Fiscal                                                                                               
  (Dollars    Second                                               Fiscal Six                                      
  in          Quarter    June 29,    June 30,           Percent    Months      June 29,    June 30,    Percent     
  Million…    Ended          2025        2024           Change     Ended           2025        2024     Change     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  PREZISTA                                                                                                         
  /                                                                                                                
  PREZCOB…                                                                                                         
  /                                                                                                                
  REZOLSTA                                                                                                         
  /                                                                                                                
  SYMTUZA                                                                                                          
  U.S.                        312         321     -3.0                              617         635       -2.9     
  Interna…                     85         117    -27.0                              183         221      -17.2     
  Worldwi…                    396         438     -9.4                              799         856       -6.6     
  OTHER                                                                                                            
  INFECTI…                                                                                                         
  DISEASES                                                                                                         
  U.S.                          2           5    -51.8                                4           7      -37.4     
  Interna…                     45         227    -80.5                               84         304      -72.5     
  Worldwi…                     47         233    -79.8                               88         311      -71.7     
  Cardiov…                                                                                                         
  /                                                                                                                
  Metabol…                                                                                                         
  / Other                                                                                                          
  U.S.                        776         717      8.2                            1,631       1,348       21.0     
  Interna…                    154         176    -12.3                              312         373      -16.2     
  Worldwi…                    930         892      4.2                            1,943       1,721       12.9     
  XARELTO                                                                                                          
  U.S.                        621         587      5.6                            1,311       1,105       18.6     
  Interna…                      —           —        —                                —           —          —     
  Worldwi…                    621         587      5.6                            1,311       1,105       18.6     
  OTHER                                                                                                            
  U.S.                        155         129     20.0                              320         243       31.6     
  Interna…                    154         176    -12.3                              312         373      -16.2     
  Worldwi…                    309         305      1.4                              632         616        2.7     
  TOTAL                                                                                                            
  INNOVAT…                                                                                                         
  MEDICINE                                                                                                         
  U.S.                      9,161       8,510      7.6                           17,253      16,122        7.0     
  Interna…                  6,041       5,980      1.0                           11,822      11,930       -0.9     
  Worldwi…                 15,202      14,490      4.9                           29,075      28,052        3.6     
  MEDTECH                                                                                                          
  Cardiov…                                                                                                         
  U.S.                      1,364       1,119     21.9                            2,625       2,144       22.4     
  Interna…                    948         753     25.9                            1,790       1,534       16.7     
  Worldwi…                  2,313       1,873     23.5                            4,416       3,679       20.0     
  ELECTRO…                                                                                                         
  U.S.                        741         705      5.1                            1,425       1,397        2.0     
  Interna…                    728         618     17.8                            1,366       1,270        7.6     
  Worldwi…                  1,468       1,323     11.0                            2,791       2,667        4.7     
  ABIOMED                                                                                                          
  U.S.                        360         309     16.6                              699         612       14.2     
  Interna…                     89          72     25.0                              170         139       22.4     
  Worldwi…                    448         379     18.2                              868         750       15.7     
  SHOCKWA…                                                                                                         
  U.S.                        233          77           *                           439          77             *  
  Interna…                     58           0           *                           110           0             *  
  Worldwi…                    292          77           *                           550          77             *  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  24                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
              Fiscal                                              Fiscal                                           
  (Dollars    Second                                              Six                                              
  in          Quarter    June 29,    June 30,          Percent    Months     June 29,    June 30,    Percent       
  Million…    Ended          2025        2024          Change     Ended          2025        2024     Change       
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  OTHER                                                                                                            
  CARDIOV…                                                                                                         
  U.S.                         31          29     5.4                              63          59        6.3       
  Interna…                     72          64    13.4                             144         126       14.2       
  Worldwi…                    104          93    10.8                             207         185       11.7       
  Orthopa…                                                                                                         
  U.S.                      1,420       1,422    -0.2                           2,804       2,870       -2.3       
  Interna…                    885         890    -0.5                           1,742       1,782       -2.2       
  Worldwi…                  2,305       2,312    -0.3                           4,546       4,652       -2.3       
  HIPS                                                                                                             
  U.S.                        271         265     2.1                             534         535       -0.2       
  Interna…                    150         152    -1.0                             296         304       -2.5       
  Worldwi…                    421         417     1.0                             830         839       -1.1       
  KNEES                                                                                                            
  U.S.                        226         230    -1.9                             457         472       -3.1       
  Interna…                    164         163     0.0                             322         323       -0.5       
  Worldwi…                    389         394    -1.1                             778         795       -2.0       
  TRAUMA                                                                                                           
  U.S.                        501         498     0.7                           1,003       1,002        0.1       
  Interna…                    267         260     2.2                             537         521        2.9       
  Worldwi…                    768         759     1.2                           1,540       1,524        1.1       
  SPINE,                                                                                                           
  SPORTS &                                                                                                         
  OTHER                                                                                                            
  U.S.                        422         430    -1.7                             810         862       -6.0       
  Interna…                    305         314    -2.7                             588         634       -7.2       
  Worldwi…                    727         743    -2.1                           1,398       1,495       -6.5       
  Surgery                                                                                                          
  U.S.                      1,043         995     4.8                           2,045       1,982        3.2       
  Interna…                  1,512       1,493     1.3                           2,906       2,922       -0.5       
  Worldwi…                  2,555       2,488     2.7                           4,951       4,904        1.0       
  ADVANCED                                                                                                         
  U.S.                        477         466     2.2                             934         912        2.4       
  Interna…                    687         675     1.9                           1,303       1,316       -1.0       
  Worldwi…                  1,164       1,141     2.0                           2,237       2,228        0.4       
  GENERAL                                                                                                          
  U.S.                        567         528     7.2                           1,111       1,070        3.8       
  Interna…                    825         818     0.9                           1,603       1,606       -0.1       
  Worldwi…                  1,391       1,346     3.3                           2,714       2,676             1.4  
  Vision                                                                                                           
  U.S.                        557         523     6.5                           1,123       1,070        4.9       
  Interna…                    813         763     6.5                           1,526       1,473        3.6       
  Worldwi…                  1,369       1,285     6.5                           2,648       2,543        4.1       
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q25                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
               Fiscal                                                                                              
  (Dollars     Second                                              Fiscal Six                                      
  in           Quarter    June 29,    June 30,          Percent    Months      June 29,    June 30,    Percent     
  Millions)    Ended          2025        2024          Change     Ended           2025        2024     Change     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  CONTACT                                                                                                          
  LENSES /                                                                                                         
  OTHER                                                                                                            
  U.S.                         429         409     4.8                              881         847        3.9     
  Internat…                    536         509     5.4                            1,003         981        2.3     
  Worldwide                    965         918     5.1                            1,884       1,828        3.1     
  SURGICAL                                                                                                         
  U.S.                         128         113    12.6                              242         223        8.5     
  Internat…                    277         254     8.8                              523         492        6.2     
  Worldwide                    403         367     9.9                              764         715        6.9     
  TOTAL                                                                                                            
  MEDTECH                                                                                                          
  U.S.                       4,383       4,059     8.0                            8,596       8,067        6.6     
  Internat…                  4,158       3,898     6.7                            7,965       7,711        3.3     
  Worldwide                  8,541       7,957     7.3                           16,561      15,778        5.0     
  WORLDWIDE                                                                                                        
  U.S.                      13,544      12,569     7.8                           25,849      24,189        6.9     
  Internat…                 10,199       9,878     3.2                           19,787      19,641        0.7     
  Worldwide                $23,743      22,447     5.8  %                       $45,636      43,830        4.1  %  
                                                                                                                   
* Percentage greater than 100% or not meaningful

(1) Includes the sales of RYBREVANT and RYBREVANT + LAZCLUZE

(2) Acquired with the Intra-Cellular Therapies acquisition on April 2, 2025

(3) Acquired on May 31, 2024
                                                                                                                   
  26                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

Segment income before tax
                                                                                                                   
                   Fiscal                                                                                          
          (Dolla…  Second      June                                              June                              
          in       Quarter      29,                                               30,                              
          Millio…  Ended       2025                                              2024                              
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                   Innova…             MedTec…              Total    Innova…             MedTe…             Total  
                   Medici…                                           Medici…                                       
  Sales                                                                                                            
  to                        $15,202              8,541                         14,490             7,957            
  custo…                                                                                                           
  Cost                                                                                                             
  of                          3,978              3,638                          3,603             3,248            
  produ…                                                                                                           
  sold                                                                                                             
  Selli…                                                                                                           
  marke…                      2,789              2,862                          2,665             2,671            
  and                                                                                                              
  admin…                                                                                                           
  Resea…                                                                                                           
  and                         2,869                647                          2,722               718            
  devel…                                                                                                           
  expen…                                                                                                           
  Other                                                                                                            
  segme…                         14                190                             41               231            
  items…                                                                                                           
  Segme…                                                                                                           
  income                     $5,552              1,204      6,756               5,459             1,089     6,548  
  before                                                                                                           
  tax                                                                                                              
  (Inco…                                                                                                           
  not                                                                                                              
  alloc…                                                      265                                             800  
  to                                                                                                               
  segme…                                                                                                           
  Earni…                                                                                                           
  before                                                                                                           
  provi…                                                                                                           
  for                                                      $6,491                                          $5,748  
  taxes                                                                                                            
  on                                                                                                               
  income                                                                                                           
                   Fiscal                                                                                          
                   Six                                                                                             
                   Months                                                                                          
                   Ended                                                                                           
  Sales                                                                                                            
  to                        $29,075             16,561                         28,052            15,778            
  custo…                                                                                                           
  Cost                                                                                                             
  of                          7,998              6,964                          6,973             6,368            
  produ…                                                                                                           
  sold                                                                                                             
  Selli…                                                                                                           
  marke…                      5,050              5,518                          5,103             5,253            
  and                                                                                                              
  admin…                                                                                                           
  Resea…                                                                                                           
  and                         5,417              1,324                          5,618             1,364            
  devel…                                                                                                           
  expen…                                                                                                           
  Other                                                                                                            
  segme…                       -152                130                            -70               184            
  items…                                                                                                           
  Segme…                                                                                                           
  income                    $10,762              2,625     13,387              10,428             2,609    13,037  
  before                                                                                                           
  tax                                                                                                              
  (Inco…                                                                                                           
  not                                                                                                              
  alloc…                                                   -6,735                                           3,575  
  to                                                                                                               
  segme…                                                                                                           
  Earni…                                                                                                           
  before                                                                                                           
  provi…                                                                                                           
  for                                                     $20,122                                          $9,462  
  taxes                                                                                                            
  on                                                                                                               
  income                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
(1) Innovative Medicine includes:
• Intangible amortization expense of $ 0.8billion and $ 0.7billion in the fiscal second quarter of 2025 and 2024,
respectively.
Intangible amortization expense of $ 1.4billion in both the fiscal six months of 2025 and 2024.
• Acquisition and integration related expense of $ 0.2billion in both the fiscal second quarter of 2025 and fiscal
six months of 2025, primarily related to the Intra-Cellular acquisition.
• An In-process research and development impairment of $ 0.2billion in the fiscal second quarter and fiscal six
months of 2024 associated with the M710 (biosimilar) asset acquired from Momenta in 2020.
• Restructuring income of $ 0.1billion in the fiscal second quarter of 2024 and a restructuring related charge of $
0.1billion in the fiscal six months of 2024.
(2) MedTech includes:
• Intangible amortization expense of $ 0.5billion and $ 0.4billion in the fiscal second quarter of 2025 and 2024,
respectively.
Intangible amortization expense of $ 1.0billion and $ 0.8billion in the fiscal six months of 2025 and 2024,
respectively.
• Acquisition, integration and divestiture related net expense of $ 0.1billion in the fiscal six months of 2025.
Acquisition and integration related expense of $ 0.4billion and $ 0.5billion, in the fiscal second quarter and
fiscal six months of 2024, respectively, primarily driven by the Abiomed and Shockwave acquisitions.
• A restructuring related charge of $ 0.1billion in both the fiscal second quarter and fiscal six months of 2025
and 2024. Refer to Note 12 for additional details.
(3) Other segment expenses for each reportable segment include charges related to other income and expense,
restructuring activities and impairment charges related to in-process research and development.
(4) Amounts not allocated to segments include interest (income)/expense and general corporate (income)/expense. The
fiscal six months of 2025 includes the reversal of approximately $ 7.0billion, a significant portion of the
previously accrued talc reserve. The fiscal second quarter and fiscal six months of 2024 includes charges for talc
matters of $ 0.3billion and $ 3.0billion, respectively. For additional details related to talc refer to Note 11 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements. The fiscal second quarter and six months of 2024 includes a loss of
approximately $ 0.4billion related to the debt to equity exchange of the Company's remaining shares of Kenvue
Common Stock.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q27                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                    
  (Dollars in Millions)    Identifiable Assets  June 29, 2025    December 29, 2024  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Innovative Medicine                                 $75,487               57,070  
  MedTech                                              86,745               84,322  
  Total                                               162,232              141,392  
  General corporate(1)                                 31,157               38,712  
  Worldwide total                                    $193,389              180,104  
                                                                                    
(1) General corporate includes cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and other corporate assets.
                                                                                                                   
                  Additions to                                                                                     
                  Property,                                         Depreciation                                   
  (Dollars in     Plant &                                           and                                            
  Millions)       Equipment       June 29, 2025    June 30, 2024    Amortization   June 29, 2025    June 30, 2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Innovative                               $687              553                          $1,925            1,861  
  Medicine                                                                                                         
  MedTech                                 1,071            1,074                           1,678            1,552  
  Segments                                1,758            1,627                           3,603            3,413  
  total                                                                                                            
  General                                    80              156                             112              184  
  corporate                                                                                                        
  Worldwide                              $1,838            1,783                          $3,715            3,597  
  total                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
Sales by geographic area
                                                                                                                   
             Fiscal                                             Fiscal                                             
  (Dolla…    Second                                             Six                                                
  in         Quarter   June 29,    June 30,          Percent    Months    June 29,     June 30,          Percent   
  Millio…    Ended         2025        2024          Change     Ended         2025         2024          Change    
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  United                $13,544      12,569     7.8  %                     $25,849       24,189     6.9  %         
  States                                                                                                           
  Europe                  5,387       5,214     3.3                         10,497       10,377     1.1            
  Western                                                                                                          
  Hemisp…                 1,206       1,212    -0.5                          2,373        2,406    -1.3            
  exclud…                                                                                                          
  U.S.                                                                                                             
  Asia-P…                 3,606       3,452     4.4                          6,917        6,858     0.9            
  Africa                                                                                                           
  Total                 $23,743      22,447     5.8  %                     $45,636       43,830     4.1  %         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  28                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Note 10 — Acquisitions and divestitures                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
Business combinations

2025 Transactions

On April 2, 2025, the Company completed the acquisition of Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc. (Intra-Cellular), a
biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of therapeutics for central nervous
system disorders. This acquisition advances the Company’s industry-leading portfolio in mental health with the
addition of CAPLYTA (lumateperone), the first and only U.S. FDA-approved treatment for bipolar I and II depression
as an adjunctive therapy and monotherapy and is also approved for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults.
Further, an sNDA has been submitted to the U.S. FDA for CAPLYTA as adjunctive treatment for major depressive
disorder. This acquisition also includes a promising clinical-stage pipeline with best-in-class potential in
generalized anxiety disorder and Alzheimer’s disease-related psychosis and agitation.

The Company acquired all the outstanding shares of Intra-Cellular’s common stock for $ 132.00per share in an all-
cash merger transaction for total consideration transferred of $ 14.5billion. The acquisition was accounted for as
a business combination and the results of operations and goodwill are included in the Innovative Medicine segment
as of the acquisition date. In addition, acquisition-related costs before tax incurred during the fiscal six months
of 2025 were $ 0.2billion, of which $ 0.1billion related to post-closing compensation expense due to the
acceleration of equity awards and were recorded to Other (income) expense, net.
The following table summarizes the preliminary fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the
acquisition date and is based on the best estimate of management, which is subject to change within the measurement
period.
                                                                    
  (Dollars in Billions)                              April 2, 2025  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Assets acquired:                                                  
  Cash and cash equivalents                                   $0.2  
  Marketable securities                                        0.6  
  Other current & non-current assets                           0.3  
  Amortizable intangible asset(1)                              5.2  
  Acquired in-process research and development(1)              8.3  
  Goodwill(2)                                                  2.9  
  Total assets acquired                                      $17.5  
  Liabilities assumed:                                              
  Deferred taxes                                              $2.8  
  Other current & non-current liabilities                      0.2  
  Total liabilities assumed                                   $3.0  
  Total assets acquired and liabilities assumed              $14.5  
                                                                    
(1) The estimated fair values of the intangible assets acquired were determined using the multi-period excess
earnings method. The amortizable intangible asset relates to the currently marketed product, Caplyta, which has an
estimated useful life of 8years. The acquired in-process research and development includes twoassets, one related
to certain unapproved indications of lumateperone and another related to a compound being studied to treat
psychosis and agitation in patients with Alzheimer’s disease and generalized anxiety disorder. The fair value of
the in-process research and development assets were calculated assuming a discount rate of 11.5% and 12.5%,
respectively. Additionally, the cash flow projections assumed a probability of success factor of 95% and
approximately 34- 50% (depending on indication being studied), respectively.
(2) Goodwill is primarily attributable to intangible assets that did not qualify for separate recognition and
future projects or products currently unidentified. Goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes.
2024 Transactions

On June 20, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Proteologix, Inc., a privately held biotechnology
company focused on bispecific antibodies for immune-mediated diseases, in an all-cash merger transaction for total
consideration of $ 0.8billion net of cash acquired, with potential for an additional milestone payment. The results
of operations were included in the Innovative Medicine segment as of the acquisition date. The fair value of the
acquisition was allocated to assets acquired of $ 1.2billion, primarily non-amortizable intangible assets,
inclusive of purchased IPR&D, for $ 0.9billion, goodwill for $ 0.3billion, and liabilities
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q29                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

assumed of $ 0.3billion, including $ 0.1billion of contingent consideration. The goodwill is not deductible for tax
purposes. Acquisition related costs before tax for the fiscal six months of 2025 are notmaterial.

On May 31, 2024, the Company acquired all the outstanding shares of Shockwave Medical Inc. (SWAV), a leading,
first-to-market provider of innovative intravascular lithotripsy (IVL) technology for the treatment of calcified
coronary artery disease (CAD) and peripheral artery disease (PAD), in an all-cash merger transaction for total
consideration of $ 12.6billion, ($ 11.5billion, net of cash acquired). The results of operations were included in
the MedTech segment as of the acquisition date. The fair value of the acquisition was allocated to assets acquired
of $ 14.4billion primarily amortizable intangible assets of $ 5.3billion, purchased IPR&D of $ 0.6billion, goodwill
for $ 7.6billion, $ 0.5billion of inventory and $ 0.4billion of other assets, and liabilities assumed of $
2.9billion. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. Acquisition related costs before tax for the fiscal
six months of 2025 are not material.

On March 7, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Ambrx Biopharma, Inc., (Ambrx), a clinical-stage
biopharmaceutical company with a proprietary synthetic biology technology platform to design and develop next-
generation antibody drug conjugates (ADCs), in an all-cash merger transaction for a total consideration of
approximately $ 1.8billion net of cash acquired. The results of operations were included in the Innovative Medicine
segment as of the acquisition date. The fair value of the acquisition was allocated to assets acquired of $
2.3billion, primarily non-amortizable intangible assets, inclusive of purchased IPR&D, for $ 1.9billion, goodwill
for $ 0.3billion and liabilities assumed of $ 0.5billion. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes.
Acquisition related costs before tax for the fiscal six months of 2025 are notmaterial.

Asset acquisitions

There were no material asset acquisitions in the fiscal six months of 2025 or 2024.

Divestitures

There were no material divestitures in the fiscal six months of 2025.

In the fiscal second quarter of 2024, the Company completed the divestiture of Acclarent resulting in approximately
$ 0.3billion in proceeds. In the fiscal first quarter of 2024, the Company completed the divestiture of Ponvory
outside of the U.S. resulting in approximately $ 0.2billion in proceeds.
                                                                                                                   
  30                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Note 11 — Legal proceedings                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Johnson & Johnson and certain of its subsidiaries are involved in various lawsuits and claims regarding product
liability; intellectual property; commercial; indemnification and other matters; governmental investigations; and
other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of their business.

The Company records accruals for loss contingencies associated with these legal matters when it is probable that a
liability will be incurred, and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. As of June 29, 2025, the
Company has determined that the liabilities associated with certain litigation matters are probable and can be
reasonably estimated. The Company has accrued for these matters and will continue to monitor each related legal
issue and adjust accruals as might be warranted based on new information and further developments in accordance
with ASC 450-20-25. For these and other litigation and regulatory matters discussed below for which a loss is
probable or reasonably possible, the Company is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss beyond the
amounts accrued. Amounts accrued for legal contingencies often result from a complex series of judgments about
future events and uncertainties that rely heavily on estimates and assumptions including timing of related
payments. The ability to make such estimates and judgments can be affected by various factors including, among
other things, whether damages sought in the proceedings are unsubstantiated or indeterminate; scientific and legal
discovery has not commenced or is not complete; proceedings are in early stages; matters present legal
uncertainties; there are significant facts in dispute; procedural or jurisdictional issues; the uncertainty and
unpredictability of the number of potential claims; ability to achieve comprehensive multi-party settlements;
complexity of related cross-claims and counterclaims; and/or there are numerous parties involved. To the extent
adverse awards, judgments or verdicts have been rendered against the Company, the Company does not record an
accrual until a loss is determined to be probable and can be reasonably estimated.

In the Company’s opinion, based on its examination of these matters, its experience to date and discussions with
counsel, the ultimate outcome of legal proceedings, net of liabilities accrued in the Company’s balance sheet, is
not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position. However, the resolution of, or
increase in accruals for, one or more of these matters in any reporting period may have a material adverse effect
on the Company’s results of operations and cash flows for that period.

Matters concerning talc

A significant number of personal injury claims alleging that talc causes cancer have been asserted against the
Company and its affiliates arising out of the use of body powders containing talc, primarily JOHNSON’S Baby Powder.

In talc cases that have gone to trial, the Company has obtained a number of defense verdicts, but there also have
been verdicts against the Company, many of which have been reversed on appeal. In June 2020, the Missouri Court of
Appeals reversed in part and affirmed in part a July 2018 verdict of $ 4.7billion in Ingham v. Johnson & Johnson,
et al., No. ED 207476 (Mo. App.), reducing the overall award to $ 2.1billion. An application for transfer of the
case to the Missouri Supreme Court was subsequently denied, and in June 2021, a petition for certiorari, seeking a
review of the Ingham decision by the United States Supreme Court, was denied. In June 2021, the Company paid the
award, which, including interest, totaled approximately $ 2.5billion. The facts and circumstances, including the
terms of the award, were unique to the Ingham decision and not representative of other claims brought against the
Company. The Company continues to believe that it has strong legal grounds to contest the other talc verdicts that
it has appealed. Notwithstanding the Company’s confidence in the safety of its talc products, in certain
circumstances the Company has settled cases.

In an effort to expeditiously resolve the litigation for the overwhelming majority of claimants, beginning in
October 2021, Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. (Old JJCI) implemented a corporate restructuring, through which Old
JJCI ceased to exist and three new entities were created: (a) LTL Management LLC, a North Carolina limited
liability company (LTL or Debtor); (b) Royalty A&M LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company and a direct
subsidiary of LTL (RAM); and (c) the Debtor’s direct parent, Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc., a New Jersey company
(New JJCI). The Debtor received certain of Old JJCI’s assets and became solely responsible for the talc-related
liabilities of Old JJCI, including all liabilities related in any way to injury or damage, or alleged injury or
damage, sustained or incurred in the purchase or use of, or exposure to, talc, including talc contained in any
product, or to the risk of, or responsibility for, any such damage or injury, except for any liabilities for which
the exclusive remedy is provided under a workers’ compensation statute or act (the Talc-Related Liabilities).

Following the 2021 Corporate Restructuring, Debtor and the Company attempted to achieve a full and comprehensive
resolution of the Talc-Related Liabilities. Debtor filed voluntary petitions for Bankruptcy pursuant to Chapter 11
of the Bankruptcy Code in October 2021 and again in April 2023; both petitions were dismissed.

In October 2023, the Company stated that it was pursuing the following four parallel and alternative pathways to
achieve a comprehensive and final resolution of the talc claims: (i) the appeal of the LTL 2 dismissal decision;
(ii) pursuing a consensual “prepackaged” bankruptcy case, as “strongly encouraged” by the Bankruptcy Court in its
dismissal decision; (iii) aggressively litigating the talc claims in the tort system; and (iv) pursuing affirmative
claims against experts for false and defamatory narratives
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q31                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

regarding the Company’s talc powder products. In December 2023, LTL changed its state of formation to Texas and its
name to LLT Management LLC (LLT).

In May 2024, the Company commenced a three-monthsolicitation period of its proposed consensual “prepackaged”
Chapter 11 bankruptcy plan (the Proposed Plan) for the comprehensive and final resolution of all current and future
claims related to cosmetic talc in the United States, excluding claims related to mesothelioma or State consumer
protection claims, in exchange for the payment by the Company of present value of approximately $ 6.475billion
payable over 25years (nominal value of approximately $ 8.0billion, discounted at a rate of 4.4%). The claims
encompassed by the Proposed Plan constituted 99.75% of then-pending lawsuits against the Company relating to its
talc powder products.

In August 2024, LLT engaged in a restructuring that resulted in the creation of three new Texas limited liability
companies: (a) Red River Talc, LLC (Red River); (b) Pecos River Talc LLC (Pecos River); and (3) New Holdco (Texas)
LLC. As a result of this restructuring, all claims related to ovarian and other gynecological cancers were
separated and allocated to Red River, and mesothelioma, governmental unit and certain other claims were allocated
to Pecos River.

While the Company had resolved 95% of the mesothelioma lawsuits filed to date as of August 2024, cases continue to
be filed. Trials have commenced in various state courts.

In September 2024, while reiterating the Company's continued confidence in the safety of its talc products, Red
River filed a voluntary petition with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas,
seeking relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (the Red River Bankruptcy Case), in furtherance of the
Company's consensual "prepackaged" Proposed Plan. Shortly thereafter, as a consequence of this filing, the Company
withdrew its appeal of the LTL 2 dismissal decision.

To account for the contemplated comprehensive resolution through the Proposed Plan, the Company recorded a
cumulative incremental charge of approximately $ 5.0billion during fiscal year 2024. As of the end of fiscal year
2024, the total present value of the reserve was approximately $ 11.6billion (or nominal value of approximately $
13.5billion).

On March 31, 2025, the Texas Bankruptcy Court issued an order dismissing the case (the Texas dismissal) and, as a
result, the Company reversed substantially all, or approximately $ 7billion, from amounts previously reserved for
the bankruptcy resolution. As of the second quarter 2025, the total present value of the reserve is approximately $
4.0billion, comprising previously executed settlement agreements, litigation defense and other costs. Approximately
one-third of the reserve is recorded as a current liability.

After the Texas dismissal, the Company announced it would not appeal the decision and returned to the tort system
to litigate the talc claims and defend the safety of its products. Courts have begun to hold scheduling conferences
and the Company is preparing to start bellwether trials in consolidated proceedings in the California JCCP in
November 2025 and in the New Jersey MCL in January 2026.

In February 2019, the Company’s talc supplier, Imerys Talc America, Inc. and two of its affiliates, Imerys Talc
Vermont, Inc. and Imerys Talc Canada, Inc. (collectively, Imerys) filed a voluntary petition for relief under
Chapter 11 of the United States Code (the Bankruptcy Code) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District
of Delaware (Imerys Bankruptcy) seeking indemnification from the Company and rights to joint insurance proceeds.

In February 2021, Cyprus Mines Corporation (Cyprus), which had owned certain Imerys talc mines, filed a voluntary
petition for relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in the Delaware Bankruptcy Court and filed its
Disclosure Statement and Plan (the Cyprus Plan) also asserting claims for indemnity against the Company arising out
of personal injury claims.

In July 2024, the Company, Imerys, and Cyprus and certain of their affiliates (including their parent entities),
and the tort claimants' committees and future claimants' representatives appointed in the Imerys debtors' and
Cyprus debtors' respective Chapter 11 cases entered into a global settlement agreement (the Imerys Settlement
Agreement) to resolve the parties ongoing disputes, including disputes raised in the Imerys and Cyprus
bankruptcies. In October 2024, the Delaware Bankruptcy Court entered an order approving the Imerys Settlement
Agreement (the Settlement Order).

Certain insurers have appealed the Settlement Order and sought a stay of the order pending appeal, which the
Delaware Bankruptcy Court denied in January 2025. The insurers then sought a stay of the order in the District
Court for the District of Delaware, which also was denied. The insurers then appealed the denial of their request
for a stay of the order to the Third Circuit Court of Appeals. The briefing of the Settlement Order appeal in the
Delaware District Court was completed in April 2025, and the appeal is pending a decision from the Court. The
briefing in the Third Circuit appeal of the denial of the stay order is ongoing.

In January 2025, Imerys and Cyprus each filed a certification of voting results, indicating that their respective
Chapter 11 plans had been accepted by each voting class of talc claimants. A joint confirmation hearing for the
plans began in April 2025 but was continued, at the request of Imerys and Cyprus, after issues arose relating to
treatment of foreign claims under their respective Chapter 11 plans.
                                                                                                                   
  32                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

In February 2018, a securities class action lawsuit was filed against the Company and certain named officers in the
United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, alleging that the Company violated the federal
securities laws by failing to disclose alleged asbestos contamination in body powders containing talc, primarily
JOHNSON’S Baby Powder, and that purchasers of the Company’s shares suffered losses as a result. In April 2019, the
Company moved to dismiss the complaint. In December 2019, the Court denied, in part, the motion to dismiss. In
December 2023, the Court granted Plaintiff’s motion for class certification. In January 2024, Defendants filed a
petition with the Third Circuit under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23(f) for permission to appeal the Court’s
order granting class certification, and in February 2024, the Third Circuit granted Defendants' petition. In
February 2024, fact discovery closed, the Court ordered the parties to mediate, and stayed the case pending
mediation. In May 2024, the parties participated in an unsuccessful mediation. In June 2024, at the parties'
request, the Court lifted the stay for certain limited discovery, but otherwise kept the stay in place pending a
decision from the Third Circuit on the 23(f) petition. Briefing on the 23(f) petition was completed in September
2024, and in March 2025, the Third Circuit heard oral argument.

Matters concerning opioids

Beginning in 2014 and continuing to the present, the Company and Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (JPI), along with
other pharmaceutical companies, have been named in close to 3,500lawsuits related to the marketing of opioids,
including DURAGESIC, NUCYNTA and NUCYNTA ER. Similar lawsuits have also been filed by private plaintiffs and
organizations, including but not limited to the following: individual plaintiffs on behalf of children born with
Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome (NAS); hospitals; and health insurers/payors.

To date, the Company and JPI have litigated two of the cases to judgment and have prevailed in both, either at
trial or on appeal.

In July 2021, the Company announced finalization of an agreement to settle the state and subdivision claims for up
to $ 5.0billion. Approximately 80% of the all-in settlement was paid by the end of fiscal second quarter 2025. A
few government entities opted out of the settlement. In September 2024, the Company reached an agreement to resolve
the hospital cases.

The Company and JPI continue to defend the cases brought by the remaining government entity litigants as well as
the cases brought by private litigants. In total, there are under 27remaining opioid cases against the Company and
JPI in various state courts, 290remaining cases in the Ohio multi-district litigation (MDL), and 2additional cases
in other federal courts.

In addition, the Province of British Columbia filed suit against the Company and its Canadian affiliate Janssen
Inc., and many other industry members, in Canada. That action was certified as an opt in class action on behalf of
other provincial/territorial and the federal governments in Canada in January 2025. The defendants, including the
Company, filed appeals from the certification order in late February 2025. Additional proposed class actions have
been filed in Canada against the Company and Janssen Inc., and many other industry members, by and on behalf of
people who used opioids (for personal injuries), municipalities and First Nations bands. The proposed class action
in Quebec on behalf of residents diagnosed with opioid use disorder was authorized to proceed against Janssen Inc.
and other industry members in April 2024; and leave to appeal was denied in October 2024.

Starting in November 2019, a series of shareholder derivative complaints were filed against the Company as the
nominal defendant and certain current and former directors and officers as defendants in the Superior Court of New
Jersey. The complaint alleges breaches of fiduciary duties related to the marketing of opioids, and that the
Company has suffered damages as a result of those alleged breaches. As of September 2024, all the complaints had
been dismissed, and all appeals exhausted.

Product liability

The Company and certain of its subsidiaries are involved in numerous product liability claims and lawsuits
involving multiple products. Claimants in these cases seek substantial compensatory and, where available, punitive
damages. While the Company believes it has substantial defenses, it is not feasible to predict the ultimate outcome
of litigation. From time to time, even if it has substantial defenses, the Company considers isolated settlements
based on a variety of circumstances. The Company has accrued for these matters and will continue to monitor each
related legal issue and adjust accruals as might be warranted based on new information and further developments in
accordance with ASC 450-20-25, Contingencies. The Company accrues an estimate of the legal defense costs needed to
defend each matter when those costs are probable and can be reasonably estimated. For certain of these matters, the
Company has accrued additional amounts such as estimated costs associated with settlements, damages and other
losses. Product liability accruals can represent projected product liability for thousands of claims around the
world, each in different litigation environments and with different fact patterns. Changes to the accruals may be
required in the future as additional information becomes available.

The table below contains the most significant of these cases and provides the approximate number of plaintiffs in
the United States with direct claims in pending lawsuits regarding injuries allegedly due to the relevant product
or product category as of June 29, 2025
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q33                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                     
  Product or product category                          Number of plaintiffs          
  Body powders containing talc, primarily JOHNSON’S                          70,030  
  Baby Powder                                                                        
  DePuy ASR XL Acetabular System and DePuy ASR Hip                               40  
  Resurfacing System                                                                 
  PINNACLE Acetabular Cup System                                                860  
  Pelvic meshes                                                               5,350  
  ETHICON PHYSIOMESH Flexible Composite Mesh                                    120  
  ELMIRON                                                                       920  
                                                                                     
The number of pending lawsuits is expected to fluctuate as certain lawsuits are settled or dismissed and additional
lawsuits are filed. There may be additional claims that have not yet been filed.

MedTech

DePuy ASR XL Acetabular System and ASR Hip Resurfacing System

In August 2010, DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. (DePuy) announced a worldwide voluntary recall of its ASR XL Acetabular
System and DePuy ASR Hip Resurfacing System (ASR Hip) used in hip replacement surgery. Claims for personal injury
have been made against DePuy and the Company. Cases filed in federal courts in the United States have been
organized as a multi-district litigation in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio.
Litigation has also been filed in countries outside of the United States, primarily in the United Kingdom, Ireland,
India and Italy. In November 2013, DePuy reached an agreement with a Court-appointed committee of lawyers
representing ASR Hip plaintiffs to establish a program to settle claims with eligible ASR Hip patients in the
United States. This settlement program has resolved more than 10,000claims, thereby bringing to resolution
significant ASR Hip litigation activity in the United States. However, lawsuits in the United States remain, and
the settlement program does not address litigation outside of the United States. The Company continues to receive
information with respect to potential additional costs associated with this recall on a worldwide basis. The
Company has established accruals for the costs associated with the United States settlement program and ASR Hip-
related product liability litigation.

DePuy PINNACLE Acetabular Cup System

Claims for personal injury have also been made against DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. and the Company (collectively,
DePuy) relating to the PINNACLE Acetabular Cup System used in hip replacement surgery. Product liability lawsuits
continue to be filed, and the Company continues to receive information with respect to potential costs and the
anticipated number of cases. Most cases filed in federal courts in the United States have been organized as a
multi-district litigation in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas (Texas MDL).
Beginning on June 1, 2022, the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation ceased transfer of new cases into the
Texas MDL, and there are now cases pending in federal court outside the Texas MDL. Litigation also has been filed
in state courts and in countries outside of the United States. During the first quarter of 2019, DePuy established
a United States settlement program to resolve these cases. As part of the settlement program, adverse verdicts have
been settled. The Company has established an accrual for product liability litigation associated with the PINNACLE
Acetabular Cup System and the related settlement program.

Ethicon Pelvic Mesh

Claims for personal injury have been made against Ethicon, Inc. (Ethicon) and the Company arising out of Ethicon’s
pelvic mesh devices used to treat stress urinary incontinence and pelvic organ prolapse. The Company continues to
receive information with respect to potential costs and additional cases. Cases filed in federal courts in the
United States had been organized as a multi-district litigation (MDL) in the United States District Court for the
Southern District of West Virginia. In March 2021, the MDL Court entered an order closing the MDL. The MDL Court
has remanded cases for trial to the jurisdictions where the case was originally filed and additional pelvic mesh
lawsuits have been filed, and remain, outside of the MDL. The Company has settled or otherwise resolved the
majority of the United States cases and the estimated costs associated with these settlements and the remaining
cases are reflected in the Company’s accruals. In addition, class actions and individual personal injury cases or
claims seeking damages for alleged injury resulting from Ethicon’s pelvic mesh devices have been commenced in
various countries outside of the United States, including claims and cases in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands,
and Ireland, and class actions in Israel, Australia, Canada and South Africa. The vast majority of these actions
are now resolved. The Company has established accruals with respect to product liability litigation associated with
Ethicon’s pelvic mesh products.

Ethicon Physiomesh

Following a June 2016 worldwide market withdrawal of Ethicon Physiomesh Flexible Composite Mesh (Physiomesh),
claims for personal injury have been made against Ethicon, Inc. (Ethicon) and the Company alleging personal injury
arising out of the use of this
                                                                                                                   
  34                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

hernia mesh device. Cases filed in federal courts in the United States have been organized as a multi-district
litigation (MDL) in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. A multi-county
litigation (MCL) also has been formed in New Jersey state court and assigned to Atlantic County for cases pending
in New Jersey. In addition to the matters in the MDL and MCL, there are additional lawsuits pending in the United
States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio, which are part of the MDL for polypropylene mesh devices
manufactured by C.R. Bard, Inc., and lawsuits pending in two New Jersey MCLs formed for Proceed/Proceed Ventral
Patch and Prolene Hernia systems, and lawsuits pending outside the United States. In May 2021, Ethicon and lead
counsel for the plaintiffs entered into a term sheet to resolve approximately 3,600Physiomesh cases (covering
approximately 4,300plaintiffs) pending in the MDL and MCL at that time. A master settlement agreement (MSA) was
entered into in September 2021 and includes 3,729cases in the MDL and MCL. Other than a small number of cases still
pending in the MDL, all Physiomesh matters in the United States have been resolved or are undergoing formal review
for purposes of settlement.

Claims have also been filed against Ethicon and the Company alleging personal injuries arising from the PROCEED
Mesh and PROCEED Ventral Patch hernia mesh products. In March 2019, the New Jersey Supreme Court entered an order
consolidating these cases pending in New Jersey as an MCL in Atlantic County Superior Court. Additional cases have
been filed in various federal and state courts in the United States, and in jurisdictions outside the United
States.

Ethicon and the Company also have been subject to claims for personal injuries arising from the PROLENE
Polypropylene Hernia System. In January 2020, the New Jersey Supreme Court created an MCL in Atlantic County
Superior Court to handle such cases. Cases involving this product have also been filed in other federal and state
courts in the United States.

In October 2022, an agreement in principle, subject to various conditions, was reached to settle the majority of
the pending cases involving Proceed, Proceed Ventral Patch, Prolene Hernia System and related multi-layered mesh
products, as well as a number of unfiled claims. All litigation activities in the two New Jersey MCLs are stayed
pending effectuation of the proposed settlement. Future cases that are filed in the New Jersey MCLs will be subject
to docket control orders requiring early expert reports and discovery requirements.

The Company has established accruals with respect to product liability litigation associated with Ethicon
Physiomesh Flexible Composite Mesh, PROCEED Mesh and PROCEED Ventral Patch, and PROLENE Polypropylene Hernia System
products.

Innovative Medicine

ELMIRON

Claims for personal injury have been made against a number of Johnson & Johnson companies, including Janssen
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the Company, arising out of the use of ELMIRON, a prescription medication indicated for
the relief of bladder pain or discomfort associated with interstitial cystitis. These lawsuits, which allege that
ELMIRON contributes to the development of permanent retinal injury and vision loss, have been filed in both state
and federal courts across the United States. In December 2020, lawsuits filed in federal courts in the United
States, including putative class action cases seeking medical monitoring, were organized as a multi-district
litigation in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey (MDL). In addition, cases have been
filed in various state courts of New Jersey, which have been coordinated in a multi-county litigation in Bergen
County, as well as the Court of Common Pleas in Philadelphia, which have been coordinated and granted mass tort
designation. In addition, three class action lawsuits have been filed in Canada. The Company continues to defend
ELMIRON product liability lawsuits and continues to evaluate potential costs related to those claims. All U.S.
based ELMIRON matters have been resolved or are undergoing formal review for purposes of settlement. The Company
has established accruals for defense and indemnity costs associated with ELMIRON related product liability
litigation.

Intellectual property

Certain subsidiaries of the Company are subject, from time to time, to legal proceedings and claims related to
patent, trademark and other intellectual property matters arising out of their businesses. Many of these matters
involve challenges to the scope and/or validity of patents that relate to various products and allegations that
certain of the Company’s products infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties. Although these
subsidiaries believe that they have substantial defenses to these challenges and allegations with respect to all
significant patents, there can be no assurance as to the outcome of these matters. A loss in any of these cases
could adversely affect the ability of these subsidiaries to sell their products, result in loss of sales due to
loss of market exclusivity, require the payment of past damages and future royalties, and may result in a non-cash
impairment charge for any associated intangible asset.

Innovative Medicine - litigation against filers of abbreviated new drug applications (ANDAs)

The Company’s subsidiaries have brought lawsuits against generic companies that have filed ANDAs with the U.S. FDA
(or similar lawsuits outside of the United States) seeking to market generic versions of products sold by various
subsidiaries of the Company prior to expiration of the applicable patents covering those products. These lawsuits
typically include allegations of non-
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q35                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

infringement and/or invalidity of patents listed in FDA’s publication “Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic
Equivalence Evaluations” (commonly known as the Orange Book). In each of these lawsuits, the Company’s subsidiaries
are seeking an order enjoining the defendant from marketing a generic version of a product before the expiration of
the relevant patents (Orange Book Listed Patents). In the event the Company’s subsidiaries are not successful in an
action, or any automatic statutory stay expires before the court rulings are obtained, the generic companies
involved would have the ability, upon regulatory approval, to introduce generic versions of their products to the
market, resulting in the potential for substantial market share and revenue losses for the applicable products, and
which may result in a non-cash impairment charge in any associated intangible asset. In addition, from time to
time, the Company’s subsidiaries may settle these types of actions and such settlements can involve the
introduction of generic versions of the products at issue to the market prior to the expiration of the relevant
patents.

The Inter Partes Review (IPR) process with the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO), created under the
2011 America Invents Act, is also being used at times by generic companies in conjunction with ANDAs and lawsuits
to challenge the applicable patents.

XARELTO

Beginning in March 2021, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Bayer Pharma AG, Bayer AG and Bayer Intellectual Property
GmbH filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have
filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of XARELTO before expiration of certain Orange Book Listed
Patents. The following entities are named defendants: Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc.; Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories,
Ltd.; Lupin Limited; Lupin Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.; Taro Pharmaceuticals U.S.A.,
Inc.; Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc.; Mylan Pharmaceuticals Inc.; Mylan Inc.; Mankind Pharma Limited; Apotex Inc.;
Apotex Corp.; Cipla Ltd.; Cipla USA Inc.; and InvaGen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The following U.S. patents are included
in one or more cases: 9,539,218 and 10,828,310.

U.S. Patent No. 10,828,310 was also under consideration by the USPTO in an IPR proceeding. In July 2023, the USPTO
issued a final written decision finding the claims of the patent invalid. In September 2023, Bayer Pharma AG filed
an appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. Oral argument was heard in May 2025.

INVEGA SUSTENNA

Beginning in January 2018, Janssen Pharmaceutica NV and Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed patent infringement
lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to
market generic versions of INVEGA SUSTENNA before expiration of the Orange Book Listed Patent. The following
entities are named defendants: Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc.; Mylan Laboratories Limited; Pharmascience Inc.;
Mallinckrodt PLC; Specgx LLC; Tolmar, Inc.; Accord Healthcare, Inc.; Qilu Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd.; and Qilu Pharma
Inc. The following U.S. patent is included in one or more cases: 9,439,906. In October 2020, the district court
issued a decision in the case against Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc., finding that United States Patent No.
9,439,906 is not invalid. Teva previously stipulated to infringement. Teva appealed the decision, and, in April
2024, the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit vacated and remanded the case to the district
court for further proceedings. In November 2024, the district court issued its decision on remand, finding that
United States Patent No. 9,439,906 is not invalid. Teva appealed to the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit,
and oral argument took place in April 2025. In July 2025, the Federal Circuit affirmed the district court ruling of
no invalidity. The Mylan case was consolidated with the Teva case for purposes of appeal and the July ruling
applies to Mylan. In February 2024, the district court issued a decision in the case against Tolmar Inc. finding
that United States Patent No. 9,439,906 is not invalid. Tolmar previously stipulated to infringement. Tolmar has
appealed the decision.

Beginning in February 2018, Janssen Inc. and Janssen Pharmaceutica NV initiated a Statement of Claim under Section
6 of the Patented Medicines (Notice of Compliance) Regulations against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDSs
seeking approval to market generic versions of INVEGA SUSTENNA before expiration of the listed patent. The
following entities are named defendants: Pharmascience Inc. and Apotex Inc. The following Canadian patent is
included in one or more cases: 2,655,335. In June 2024, the Supreme Court dismissed the Apotex case. In September
2024, the Supreme Court granted Pharmascience's motion to appeal the Federal Court's decision that the 2,655,335
Patent is not invalid.

INVEGA TRINZA

Beginning in September 2020, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Janssen Pharmaceutica NV, and Janssen Research &
Development, LLC filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers
who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of INVEGA TRINZA before expiration of the Orange
Book Listed Patent. The following entities are named defendants: Mylan Laboratories Limited; Mylan Pharmaceuticals
Inc.; and Mylan Institutional LLC. The following U.S. patent is included in one or more cases: 10,143,693. In May
2023, the District Court issued a decision finding that Mylan’s proposed generic product infringes the asserted
patent and that the patent is not invalid. Mylan appealed the decision, and in March 2025, the U.S. Court of
Appeals for the Federal Circuit affirmed the district court's decision. In May 2025, Mylan filed a petition for
panel
                                                                                                                   
  36                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

rehearing or rehearing en banc with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. In July 2025, the court
denied Mylan's petition.

ERLEADA

In January 2025, Aragon Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Janssen Inc., (collectively, Janssen Inc.) and Sloan-Kettering
Institute for Cancer Research (SKI) initiated Statements of Claims under Section 6 of the Patented Medicines
(Notice of Compliance) Regulations against Sandoz Canada Inc. (Sandoz) in response to Sandoz’s filing of an ANDS
seeking approval to market a generic version of ERLEADA before the expiration of CA Patent Nos. 3,008,345 (the ’345
patent), 2,875,767 (the ’767 patent), 2,885,415 (the ’415 patent), and 3,128,331 (the ’331 patent). Janssen Inc.
and SKI are seeking an order enjoining Sandoz from marketing a generic version of ERLEADA before the expiration of
the relevant patents.

Beginning in April 2025, Aragon Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Janssen Biotech, Inc., The Regents of the University of
California, and Sloan-Kettering Institute for Cancer Research variously initiated patent infringement lawsuits in
U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey against generic manufactures who have filed ANDAs seeking
approval to market generic versions of ERLEADA before the expiration of certain Orange Book listed Patents. The
following entities are named defendants: Lupin Limited; Lupin Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Hetero Labs Limited Unit V;
and Hetero USA, Inc. The following U.S. patents are included in one or more cases: 8,445,507; 8,802,689; 9,338,159;
9,987,261; 9,481,663; 9,884,054; RE49,353; 10,849,888; 10,702,508; and 11,963,952.

SPRAVATO

Beginning in May 2023, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Janssen Pharmaceutica NV filed patent infringement
lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to
market generic versions of SPRAVATO before expiration of certain Orange Book Listed Patents. The following entities
are named defendants: Sandoz Inc.; Hikma Pharmaceuticals Inc. USA; Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC; and Alkem
Laboratories Ltd. The following U.S. patents are included in one or more cases: 10,869,844; 11,173,134; 11,311,500;
and 11,446,260.

INVOKANA

Beginning in January 2024, Janssen Inc. and Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation initiated Statements of Claim
under Section 6 of the Patented Medicines (Notice of Compliance) Regulations against generic manufacturers who
filed ANDSs seeking approval to market generic versions of INVOKANA before expiration of the listed patents. The
following entities are named defendants Jamp Pharma Corporation (Jamp) and Apotex Inc. (Apotex). The following
Canadian patents are included in one or more cases 2,534,024 and 2,671,357. The Company entered into confidential
settlement agreements with Jamp, in April 2025, and with Apotex, in July 2025.

CAPLYTA

Beginning in March 2024, Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc. (Intra-Cellular) filed patent infringement lawsuits in the
United States District Court for the District of New Jersey against generic manufactures who have filed ANDAs
seeking approval to market generic versions of CAPLYTA before expiration of certain Orange Book Listed Patents. The
following entities are named defendants: Aurobindo Pharma Ltd., Aurobindo Pharma USA, Inc., Alkem Laboratories
Ltd., Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Inc., Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd., Hetero USA, Inc., Hetero Labs Ltd. Unit-V,
Hetero Labs Ltd., MSN Laboratories Private Ltd., Zydus Pharmaceuticals (USA) Inc., and Zydus Lifesciences Ltd. The
following U.S. Patents are included in one or more cases: US RE 48,825; RE 48,839; 8,648,077; 9,168,258; 9,199,995;
9,616,061; 9,956,227; 10,117,867; 10,464,938; 10,960,009; 11,026,951; 11,753,419; 11,980,617; 12,070,459;
12,090,155; 12,122,792; and 12,128,043. In July 2025, Intra-Cellular, Hetero USA, Inc., Hetero Labs Ltd. Unit-V,
and Hetero Labs Ltd. entered into a confidential settlement agreement.

MedTech

In March 2016, Abiomed, Inc. filed a declaratory judgment action against Maquet Cardiovascular LLC (Maquet) in the
U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts seeking a declaration that certain Impella products do not
infringe Maquet patents, including U.S. Patent Nos. 7,022,100 (’100 patent); 8,888,728; and 9,327,068. Maquet
counterclaimed for infringement of those patents against Abiomed, Inc., Abiomed Europe GmbH, and Abiomed R&D, Inc.
(collectively, Abiomed), and later added claims for infringement of U.S. Patent Nos. 9,545,468; 9,561,314; and
9,597,437. After claim construction, Maquet alleged infringement of only the ’100 patent. In September 2021, the
court granted Abiomed’s motion for summary judgment of non-infringement of the ’100 patent, and in September 2023,
the district court entered final judgment in favor of Abiomed on all patents-in-suit. Maquet appealed.

In November 2017, Maquet Cardiovascular LLC filed suit against Abiomed, Inc., Abiomed R&D, Inc., and Abiomed Europe
GmbH (collectively, Abiomed) in the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts, alleging that certain
Impella products infringe U.S. Patent No. 9,789,238 (’238 patent). Maquet subsequently added U.S. Patent No.
10,238,783 (’783 patent). After claim construction, the court entered a stipulated judgment of non-infringement of
both patents. Maquet appealed. On March 21, 2025,
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q37                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit left undisturbed the judgment on non-infringement of the ’238
patent, vacated the judgment regarding the ’783 patent, and remanded the case to the District Court for further
proceedings on the ’783 patent.

Government proceedings

Like other companies in the pharmaceutical and medical technologies industries, the Company and certain of its
subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation by national, state and local government agencies in the United
States and other countries in which they operate. Such regulation has been the basis of government investigations
and litigations. The most significant litigation brought by, and investigations conducted by, government agencies
are listed below. It is possible that criminal charges and substantial fines and/or civil penalties or damages
could result from government investigations or litigation.

MedTech

In July 2023, the DOJ issued Civil Investigative Demands to the Company, Johnson & Johnson Surgical Vision, Inc.,
and Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc. (collectively, J&J Vision) in connection with a civil investigation under
the False Claims Act relating to free or discounted intraocular lenses and equipment used in eye surgery, such as
phacoemulsification and laser systems. J&J Vision has provided documents and information responsive to the Civil
Investigative Demands and is continuing to cooperate with the DOJ regarding its inquiry.

Innovative Medicine

In July 2016, the Company and Janssen Products, LP were served with a qui tam complaint pursuant to the False
Claims Act filed in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey alleging the off-label
promotion of two HIV products, PREZISTA and INTELENCE, and anti-kickback violations in connection with the
promotion of these products. The complaint was filed under seal in December 2012. The federal and state governments
have declined to intervene, and the lawsuit is being prosecuted by the relators. The Court denied summary judgment
on all claims in December 2021. Daubert motions were granted in part and denied in part in January 2022, and trial
commenced in May 2024. On June 13, 2024, a jury found no liability regarding the anti-kickback violations but found
liability for a portion of the off-label promotion claims. The Company is pursuing post-trial briefing challenging
the verdict on the off-label claims. On March 28, 2025, the Court granted in part and denied in part Janssen’s
motions and the Company is appealing the verdict and judgments. The Company filed a notice of appeal with the Third
Circuit on April 29, 2025. Briefing is ongoing.

In March 2017, Janssen Biotech, Inc. (JBI) received a Civil Investigative Demand from the United States Department
of Justice regarding a False Claims Act investigation concerning management and advisory services provided to
rheumatology and gastroenterology practices that purchased REMICADE or SIMPONI ARIA. In August 2019, the United
States Department of Justice notified JBI that it was closing the investigation. Subsequently, the United States
District Court for the District of Massachusetts unsealed a qui tam False Claims Act complaint, which was served on
the Company. The Department of Justice had declined to intervene in the qui tam lawsuit in August 2019. The Company
filed a motion to dismiss, which was granted in part and denied in part. Discovery is underway.

General litigation

The Company or its subsidiaries are also parties to various proceedings brought under the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, commonly known as Superfund, and comparable state, local
or foreign laws in which the primary relief sought is the Company’s agreement to implement remediation activities
at designated hazardous waste sites or to reimburse the government or third parties for the costs they have
incurred in performing remediation at such sites.

In October 2017, certain United States service members and their families brought a complaint against a number of
pharmaceutical and medical devices companies, including Johnson & Johnson and certain of its subsidiaries in United
States District Court for the District of Columbia, alleging that the defendants violated the United States Anti-
Terrorism Act. The complaint alleges that the defendants provided funding for terrorist organizations through their
sales practices pursuant to pharmaceutical and medical device contracts with the Iraqi Ministry of Health. In July
2020, the District Court dismissed the complaint. In January 2022, the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit reversed the District Court’s decision. In June 2023, defendants filed a petition for
a writ of certiorari to the United States Supreme Court. In June 2024, the Supreme Court vacated the D.C. Circuit's
decision and remanded the case to the D.C. Circuit. Oral argument was held in November 2024.

In February 2024, a putative class action was filed against the Company and the Pension & Benefits Committee of
Johnson & Johnson (Committee) in United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. The complaint alleges
that defendants breached fiduciary duties under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) by allegedly
mismanaging the Company’s prescription-drug benefits program. The complaint seeks damages and other relief. In
January 2025, the Court granted in part and
                                                                                                                   
  38                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

denied in part defendants’ motion to dismiss, with leave to replead. In March 2025, plaintiffs filed a second
amended complaint. In April 2025, defendants filed a motion to dismiss plaintiffs' fiduciary duty claims.

MedTech

In October 2020, Fortis Advisors LLC (Fortis), in its capacity as representative of the former stockholders of
Auris Health Inc. (Auris), filed a complaint against the Company, Ethicon Inc., and certain named officers and
employees (collectively, Ethicon) in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. The complaint alleges breach
of contract, fraud, and other causes of action against Ethicon in connection with Ethicon’s acquisition of Auris in
2019. The complaint seeks damages and other relief. In December 2021, the Court granted in part and denied in part
defendants’ motion to dismiss certain causes of action. All claims against the individual defendants were
dismissed. The trial occurred in January 2024. In September 2024, the court found liability with respect to certain
claims and no liability with respect to other claims. The Company has appealed the decision.

In October 2019, Innovative Health, LLC filed a complaint against Biosense Webster, Inc (BWI) in the United States
District Court for the Central District of California. The complaint alleges that certain of BWI's business
practices and contractual terms violate the antitrust laws of the United States and the State of California by
restricting competition in the sale of High Density Mapping Catheters and Ultrasound Catheters. In May 2025, a jury
returned its verdict in favor of Innovative Health. Innovative Health is seeking a permanent injunction. BWI
intends to appeal once the judgment is final.

Innovative Medicine

In October 2018, two separate putative class actions were filed against Actelion Pharmaceutical Ltd., Actelion
Pharmaceuticals U.S., Inc. and Actelion Clinical Research, Inc. (collectively Actelion) in United States District
Court for the District of Maryland and United States District Court for the District of Columbia. The complaints
allege that Actelion violated state and federal antitrust and unfair competition laws by allegedly refusing to
supply generic pharmaceutical manufacturers with samples of TRACLEER. TRACLEER is subject to a Risk Evaluation and
Mitigation Strategy required by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, which imposes restrictions on distribution
of the product. In January 2019, the plaintiffs dismissed the District of Columbia case and filed a consolidated
complaint in the United States District Court for the District of Maryland. In September 2024, the district court
granted plaintiff's motion for class certification. Trial is scheduled for March 2026.

In December 2023, a putative class action lawsuit was filed against the Company and Janssen Biotech Inc.
(collectively Janssen) in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. The complaint
alleges that Janssen violated federal and state antitrust laws and other state laws by delaying biosimilar
competition with STELARA through Janssen's enforcement of patent rights covering STELARA. The complaint seeks
damages and other relief. In February 2024, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, which Janssen moved to dismiss
in March 2024. In August 2024, the court granted in part and denied in part Janssen's motion to dismiss.

In December 2018, Janssen Biotech, Inc., Janssen Oncology, Inc., Janssen Research & Development, LLC and Johnson &
Johnson (collectively, Janssen) were served with a qui tam complaint on behalf of the United States, certain
states, and the District of Columbia. The complaint alleges that Janssen violated the federal False Claims Act and
state law when providing pricing information for ZYTIGA to the government in connection with direct sales and
reimbursement programs. At this time, the federal and state governments have declined to intervene. In December
2021, the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey denied Janssen's motion to dismiss.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q39                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Note 12 — Restructuring                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
In fiscal 2025, the company initiated a restructuring program of its Surgery franchise within the MedTech segment
to simplify and focus operations by exiting certain non-strategic product lines and optimize select sites across
the network. Restructuring expenses of $ 29million were recorded in the fiscal second quarter of 2025. The
estimated costs of the total program are between $ 0.9billion - $ 1.0billion and is expected to be completed over
the next two years.

In fiscal 2023, the Company initiated a restructuring program of its Orthopaedics franchise within its MedTech
segment to streamline operations by exiting certain markets, product lines and distribution network arrangements.
The pre-tax restructuring expense in the fiscal second quarter and fiscal six months of 2025 primarily included
costs related to asset impairments as well as market and product exits. The pre-tax restructuring expense in the
fiscal second quarter and fiscal six months of 2024 primarily included market and product exits. Total project
costs of approximately $ 0.6billion have been recorded since the restructuring was announced. The estimated costs
of the total program are between $ 0.7billion - $ 0.8billion and is expected to be substantially completed by the
end of fiscal year 2025.
The following table summarizes the restructuring expenses for 2025 and 2024:
                                                                                            
  (Pre-tax Dollars in Millions)           Q2 2025    Q2 2024    Q2 YTD 2025    Q2 YTD 2024  
  MedTech Segment Surgery franchise(1)        $29          —             29              —  
  MedTech Segment Orthopaedics                 50         52            105             79  
  franchise(2)                                                                              
  Innovative Medicine Segment(3)                —        -63              —             81  
  Total Programs                              $79        -11            134            160  
                                                                                            
(1) Included in Restructuring on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings in the fiscal second quarter and fiscal six
months of 2025.
(2) Included $ 35million in Restructuring and $ 15million in Cost of products sold on the Consolidated Statement of
Earnings in the fiscal second quarter of 2025. Included $ 52million in Restructuring, $ 23million in Cost of
products sold and $ 30million in Other (Income)/Expense on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings in the fiscal six
months of 2025. Included $ 50million in Restructuring and $ 2million in Cost of products sold on the Consolidated
Statement of Earnings in the fiscal second quarter of 2024. Included $ 70million in Restructuring and $ 9million in
Cost of products sold on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings in the fiscal six months of 2024.
(3) Included in Restructuring on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings. This program was completed in the fiscal
fourth quarter of 2024.
Restructuring reserves as of June 29, 2025 and December 29, 2024 were insignificant.
                                                                                                                   
  40                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 2 — Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations                 │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                                                                   
   Results of operations                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Sales to customers                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
   Analysis of consolidated sales                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
For the fiscal six months of 2025, worldwide sales were $45.6 billion, a total increase of 4.1%, including an
operational* increase of 4.4% as compared to 2024 fiscal six months sales of $43.8 billion. Currency fluctuations
had a negative impact of 0.3% for the fiscal six months of 2025. In the fiscal six months of 2025, acquisitions and
divestitures had net positive impact of 1.3% on worldwide operational sales growth. In the fiscal six months of
2025, the negative impact of the Stelara sales decline, due to biosimilar competition, on worldwide operational
sales was approximately 5.9%.

Sales by U.S. companies were $25.8 billion in the fiscal six months of 2025, which represented an increase of 6.9%
as compared to the prior year. In the fiscal six months of 2025, acquisitions and divestitures had net positive
impact of 2.2% on U.S. operational sales growth. In the fiscal six months of 2025, the negative impact of the
Stelara sales decline, due to biosimilar competition on U.S. operational sales was approximately 6.7%. Sales by
international companies were $19.8 billion, which represented an increase of 0.7%, including an operational
increase of 1.4%, partially offset by a negative currency impact of 0.7% as compared to the fiscal six months sales
of 2024. In the fiscal six months of 2025, the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on international
operational sales growth was a positive 0.3%. In the fiscal six months of 2025, the negative impact of the Stelara
sales decline, due to biosimilar competition, on international operational sales was approximately 5.0%.

In the fiscal six months of 2025, sales by companies in Europe achieved growth of 1.1%, which included an
operational increase of 0.2% and a positive currency impact of 0.9%. Sales by companies in the Western Hemisphere,
excluding the U.S., experienced a decline of 1.3%, which included an operational increase of 7.7% offset by
negative currency impact of 9.0%. Sales by companies in the Asia-Pacific, Africa region achieved growth of 0.9%,
including operational growth of 0.9% and a currency impact of 0.0%.
                                              Fiscal six months 2025                                               
                                     sales by geographic region (in billions)                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                              Fiscal six months 2025                                               
                                          sales by segment (in billions)                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                        Note: values may have been rounded                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                    *operational growth excludes the effect of                                     
                                              translational currency                                               
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q41                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

For the fiscal second quarter of 2025, worldwide sales were $23.7 billion, a total increase of 5.8%, which included
operational growth of 4.6% and a currency impact of 1.2% as compared to 2024 fiscal second quarter sales of $22.4
billion. In the fiscal second quarter of 2025, the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on worldwide
operational sales growth was a positive 1.6%. In the fiscal second quarter of 2025, the negative impact of the
Stelara sales decline, due to biosimilar competition, on worldwide operational sales was approximately 7.1%.

Sales by U.S. companies were $13.5 billion in the fiscal second quarter of 2025, which represented an increase of
7.8% as compared to the prior year. In the fiscal second quarter of 2025, the net impact of acquisitions and
divestitures on U.S. operational sales growth was a positive 2.8%. In the fiscal second quarter of 2025, the
negative impact of the Stelara sales decline, due to biosimilar competition on U.S. operational sales was
approximately 8.5%. Sales by international companies were $10.2 billion, a total increase of 3.2%, which included
operational growth of 0.6% and a positive currency impact of 2.6%. In the fiscal second quarter of 2025, the net
impact of acquisitions and divestitures on international operational sales growth was a positive 0.2%. In the
fiscal second quarter of 2025, the negative impact of the Stelara sales decline, due to biosimilar competition, on
international operational sales was approximately 5.4%.

In the fiscal second quarter of 2025, sales by companies in Europe achieved growth of 3.3%, which included an
operational decline of 1.9% offset by a positive currency impact of 5.2%. Sales by companies in the Western
Hemisphere, excluding the U.S., experienced a sales decline of 0.5%, which included operational growth of 6.2%
offset by a negative currency impact of 6.7%. Sales by companies in the Asia-Pacific, Africa region achieved growth
of 4.4%, which included operational growth of 2.4% and a positive currency impact of 2.0%.
                                                                                                                   
                                     Q2 2025                                                                       
                                     Sales by Geographic Region (in billions)                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                          Q2 2025                                                                  
                                          Sales by Segment (in billions)                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                        Note: values may have been rounded                                         
                                                                                                                   
  42                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
   Analysis of sales by business segments                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Innovative Medicine                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
Innovative Medicine segment sales in the fiscal six months of 2025 were $29.1 billion, an increase of 3.6% as
compared to the same period a year ago, with an operational increase of 4.0% and a negative currency impact of
0.4%. U.S. Innovative Medicine sales increased 7.0% as compared to the same period a year ago. International
Innovative Medicine sales decreased by 0.9%, including an operational decline of 0.1% and a negative currency
impact of 0.8%. In the fiscal six months of 2025, the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on the Innovative
Medicine segment operational sales growth was a positive 0.7%, primarily related to CAPLYTA. In the fiscal six
months of 2025, the negative impact of the STELARA sales decline, due to biosimilar competition, was an approximate
9.9%, 11.0% and 8.6% on worldwide, U.S. and international Innovative Medicine segment operational sales,
respectively.

Major Innovative Medicine therapeutic area sales — Fiscal Six Months Ended
                                                                                                                   
  (Dollars in                                    June 30,            Total           Operations          Currency  
  Millions)            June 29, 2025                 2024           Change           Change              Change    
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Oncology                   $11,990               $9,904     21.1       %     21.3  %             -0.2  %         
  CARVYKTI                       808                  343                *           *                   *         
  DARZALEX                     6,776                5,570     21.7             22.0                -0.3            
  ERLEADA                      1,679                1,425     17.8             17.9                -0.1            
  IMBRUVICA                    1,444                1,554     -7.0             -6.6                -0.4            
  RYBREVANT/      320                   116                              *           *                   *         
  LAZCLUZE(1)                                                                                                      
  TALVEY          192                   127                   52.0             52.4                -0.4            
  TECVAYLI                       317                  268     18.2             18.7                -0.5            
  ZYTIGA/                                                                                                          
  abiraterone                    270                  346    -21.7            -21.9                 0.2            
  acetate                                                                                                          
  Other                          182                  156     16.4             16.8                -0.4            
  Oncology                                                                                                         
  Immunology                   7,700                8,969    -14.1            -13.6                -0.5            
  REMICADE                       922                  827     11.5             12.4                -0.9            
  SIMPONI/                     1,349                1,091     23.7             25.1                -1.4            
  SIMPONI ARIA                                                                                                     
  STELARA                      3,278                5,336    -38.6            -38.2                -0.4            
  TREMFYA                      2,142                1,714     25.0             25.4                -0.4            
  Other                            9                    2                *           *                —            
  Immunology                                                                                                       
  Neuroscience                 3,698                3,585              3.2      3.6                -0.4            
  CAPLYTA(2)                     211                    —                *           *                —            
  CONCERTA/me…                   312                  340     -8.3             -7.1                -1.2            
  INVEGA                                                                                                           
  SUSTENNA/                                                                                                        
  XEPLION/                     1,895                2,110    -10.2             -9.9                -0.3            
  INVEGA                                                                                                           
  TRINZA/                                                                                                          
  TREVICTA                                                                                                         
  SPRAVATO                       734                  496     48.1             48.4                -0.3            
  Other                          547                  639    -14.4            -13.9                -0.5            
  Neuroscience                                                                                                     
  Pulmonary                    2,138                2,088      2.4              2.5                -0.1            
  Hypertension                                                                                                     
  OPSUMIT/                     1,104                1,072      3.0              3.1                -0.1            
  OPSYNVI                                                                                                          
  UPTRAVI                        927                  894      3.7              3.8                -0.1            
  Other                                                                                                            
  Pulmonary                      107                  123    -12.5            -12.3                -0.2            
  Hypertension                                                                                                     
  Infectious                   1,605                1,786    -10.1            -10.2                 0.1            
  Diseases                                                                                                         
  EDURANT/ril…                   718                  620     15.9             14.9                 1.0            
  PREZISTA/                                                                                                        
  PREZCOBIX/                     799                  856     -6.6             -6.3                -0.3            
  REZOLSTA/                                                                                                        
  SYMTUZA                                                                                                          
  Other                                                                                                            
  Infectious                      88                  311    -71.7            -71.3                -0.4            
  Diseases(3)                                                                                                      
  Cardiovascu…                                                                                                     
  / Metabolism                 1,943                1,721     12.9             13.3                -0.4            
  / Other                                                                                                          
  XARELTO                      1,311                1,105     18.6             18.6                   —            
  Other                          632                  616      2.7              3.9                -1.2            
  Total                                                                                                            
  Innovative                 $29,075              $28,052      3.6       %      4.0  %             -0.4  %         
  Medicine                                                                                                         
  Sales                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
*percentage greater than 100% or not meaningful
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q43                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

(1) Includes the sales of RYBREVANT and RYBREVANT + LAZCLUZE

(2) Acquired with the Intra-Cellular Therapies acquisition on April 2, 2025

(3) Includes the Covid-19 Vaccine in 2024

Innovative Medicine segment sales in the fiscal second quarter of 2025 were $15.2 billion, an increase of 4.9% as
compared to the same period a year ago, including an operational increase of 3.8% and a positive currency impact of
1.1%. U.S. Innovative Medicine sales increased 7.6% as compared to the same period a year ago. International
Innovative Medicine sales increased by 1.0%, including an operational decline of 1.6% offset by a positive currency
impact of 2.6%. In the fiscal second quarter of 2025, the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on the
worldwide Innovative Medicine segment operational sales growth was a positive 1.4%, related to CAPLYTA. In the
fiscal second quarter of 2025, the negative impact of the STELARA sales decline, due to biosimilar competition, was
an approximate 11.7%, 13.8% and 9.1% on worldwide, U.S. and international Innovative Medicine segment operational
sales, respectively.

Major Innovative Medicine therapeutic area sales — Fiscal Second Quarter Ended
                                                                                                                   
                                                                      Total           Operations         Currency  
  (Dollars in Millions)     June 29, 2025    June 30, 2024           Change               Change           Change  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Oncology                         $6,312           $5,090     24.0       %     22.3           %    1.7         %  
  CARVYKTI                            439              186                *                    *                *  
  DARZALEX                          3,539            2,878     23.0             21.5                1.5            
  ERLEADA                             908              736     23.4             21.0                2.4            
  IMBRUVICA                           735              770     -4.5             -6.6                2.1            
  RYBREVANT/ LAZCLUZE(1)              179               69                *                    *                *  
  TALVEY                              106               69     55.0             54.3                0.7            
  TECVAYLI                            166              135     23.1             22.4                0.7            
  ZYTIGA/ abiraterone                 145              165    -11.6            -14.9                3.3            
  acetate                                                                                                          
  Other Oncology                       93               83             11.7                  9.7              2.0  
  Immunology                        3,993            4,722    -15.4            -16.0                0.6            
  REMICADE                            455              393     15.9             15.9                0.0            
  SIMPONI/ SIMPONI ARIA               690              537     28.6             27.5                1.1            
  STELARA                           1,653            2,885    -42.7            -43.2                0.5            
  TREMFYA                           1,186              906     31.0             30.1                0.9            
  Other Immunology                      8                2                *                    *                —  
  Neuroscience                      2,051            1,782     15.1             14.4                0.7            
  CAPLYTA(2)                          211                —                *                    *      —            
  CONCERTA/                           164              163      0.2             -0.2                0.4            
  methylphenidate                                                                                                  
  INVEGA SUSTENNA/                                                                                                 
  XEPLION/ INVEGA                     992            1,054     -5.9             -6.3                0.4            
  TRINZA/TREVICTA                                                                                                  
  SPRAVATO                            414              271     53.3             53.0                0.3            
  Other Neuroscience                  270              294     -8.4            -10.7                2.3            
  Pulmonary Hypertension            1,113            1,039      7.1              6.2                0.9            
  OPSUMIT/ OPSYNVI                    582              548      6.4              5.4                1.0            
  UPTRAVI                             476              426     11.7             11.3                0.4            
  Other Pulmonary                      55               67    -16.9            -19.0                2.1            
  Hypertension                                                                                                     
  Infectious Diseases                 803              965    -16.8            -19.0                2.2            
  EDURANT/rilpivirine                 360              297     21.6             15.5                6.1            
  PREZISTA/ PREZCOBIX/                396              438     -9.4            -10.0                0.6            
  REZOLSTA/SYMTUZA                                                                                                 
  Other Infectious                     47              233    -79.8            -79.9                0.1            
  Diseases(3)                                                                                                      
  Cardiovascular /                    930              892      4.2              4.0                0.2            
  Metabolism / Other                                                                                               
  XARELTO                             621              587      5.6              5.6                  —            
  Other                               309              305      1.4              0.9                0.5            
  Total Innovative                $15,202          $14,490      4.9       %      3.8           %    1.1         %  
  Medicine Sales                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
*percentage greater than 100% or not meaningful
                                                                                                                   
  44                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

(1) Includes the sales of RYBREVANT and RYBREVANT + LAZCLUZE

(2) Acquired with the Intra-Cellular Therapies acquisition on April 2, 2025

(3) Includes the Covid-19 Vaccine in 2024

Oncology products achieved operational sales growth of 22.3% as compared to the same period a year ago. Strong
sales of DARZALEX (daratumumab) were driven by continued share gains and market growth. Growth of ERLEADA
(apalutamide) was due to continued share gains and market growth partially offset by the impact of Medicare Part D
redesign. Increased sales of CARVYKTI (ciltacabtagene autoleucel) were driven by continued share gains and capacity
expansion. Additionally, sales from the ongoing launches of TECVAYLI (teclistamab-cqyv), TALVEY (talquetamab-tgvs)
and RYBREVANT (amivantamab)/LAZCLUZE (lazertinib) contributed to the growth. Growth was partially offset by ZYTIGA
(abiraterone acetate) due to loss of exclusivity and IMBRUVICA (ibrutinib) declines due to competitive pressures
and the impact of Medicare Part D redesign.

Immunology products experienced an operational decline of 16.0% as compared to the same period a year ago primarily
due to the decline of STELARA (ustekinumab) sales driven by the impact of biosimilar competition and Medicare Part
D redesign. The growth of TREMFYA (guselkumab) was due to share gains, market growth and launch-related inventory
dynamics partially offset by the impact of Medicare Part D redesign. The increase in SIMPONI/SIMPONI ARIA sales was
primarily driven by the Merck, Sharp & Dohme return of rights in Europe in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2024. The
increase in REMICADE (infliximab) sales was due to favorable patient mix, market growth, and the Merck, Sharp &
Dohme return of rights in Europe, partially offset by biosimilar competition.

Sales of STELARA in the United States were approximately $6.7 billion in fiscal 2024. Third parties have filed
abbreviated Biologics License Applications with the FDA seeking approval to market biosimilar versions of STELARA.
The Company has settled certain litigation under the Biosimilar Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009.
According to patent settlement and license agreements, the Company expects continued launches of biosimilar
versions of STELARA in Europe and the United States in 2025 which will impact the Company’s sales of STELARA.

Neuroscience products, which include sales of CAPLYTA (lumateperone) acquired with the Intra-Cellular Therapies
(Intra-Cellular) acquisition on April 2, 2025, achieved operational growth of 14.4% as compared to the same period
a year ago. Growth of SPRAVATO (esketamine) was driven by continued increased physician and patient demand. Growth
was partially offset by the sales decline of INVEGA SUSTENNA / XEPLION / INVEGA TRINZA / TREVICTA primarily due to
the impact of Medicare Part D redesign and unfavorable patient mix.

Pulmonary Hypertension products achieved operational sales growth of 6.2% as compared to the same period a year
ago. Sales growth of OPSUMIT (macitentan)/ OPSYNVI (macitentan/tadalafil) were driven by market growth, inventory
dynamics, and share gains partially offset by the impact of Medicare Part D redesign. The sales growth of UPTRAVI
(selexipag) was driven by market growth and inventory dynamics partially offset by the impact of Medicare Part D
redesign.

Infectious disease products experienced an operational sales decline of 19.0% as compared to the same period a year
ago primarily driven by declines across the portfolio including COVID-19 vaccine revenue in Other Infectious
Diseases. The decline was partially offset by growth of EDURANT/rilpivirine.

Cardiovascular / Metabolism / Other products achieved operational growth of 4.0% as compared to the same period a
year ago. The growth of XARELTO (rivaroxaban) sales was primarily driven by the impact of Medicare Part D redesign
and market growth partially offset by continued share declines.

The Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) contains provisions that redesign the Medicare Part D benefit in various ways,
including by shifting a greater portion of costs to manufacturers within certain coverage phases and replacing the
Part D coverage gap discount program with a new manufacturer discounting program.

The Company maintains a policy that no end customer will be permitted direct delivery of product to a location
other than the billing location. This policy impacts contract pharmacy transactions involving non-grantee 340B
covered entities for most of the Company’s drugs, subject to multiple exceptions. Both grantee and non-grantee
covered entities can maintain certain contract pharmacy arrangements under policy exceptions. The Company has been
and will continue to offer 340B discounts to covered entities on all of its covered outpatient drugs, and it
believes its policy will improve its ability to identify inappropriate duplicate discounts and diversion prohibited
by the 340B statute. The 340B Drug Pricing Program is a U.S. federal government program requiring drug
manufacturers to provide significant discounts on covered outpatient drugs to covered entities.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q45                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  MedTech                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
The MedTech segment sales in the fiscal six months of 2025 were $16.6 billion, an increase of 5.0% as compared to
the same period a year ago, with an operational increase of 5.1% and a negative currency impact of 0.1%. U.S.
MedTech sales increased by 6.6%. International MedTech sales increased by 3.3%, including an operational increase
of 3.6% and a negative currency impact of 0.3%. In the fiscal six months of 2025, the net impact of acquisitions
and divestitures on the MedTech segment operational sales growth was a positive 2.4%, primarily related to the
Shockwave acquisition.

Major MedTech franchise sales — Fiscal Six Months Ended
                                                                                                                 
                                                                   Total           Operations          Currency  
  (Dollars in Millions)    June 29, 2025    June 30, 2024          Change          Change              Change    
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Surgery                         $4,951           $4,904     1.0  %          1.5  %             -0.5  %         
  Advanced                         2,237            2,228     0.4             0.8                -0.4            
  General                          2,714            2,676     1.4             2.0                -0.6            
  Orthopaedics                     4,546            4,652    -2.3            -2.3                 0.0            
  Hips                               830              839    -1.1            -1.1                 0.0            
  Knees                              778              795    -2.0            -2.0                 0.0            
  Trauma                           1,540            1,524     1.1             1.0                 0.1            
  Spine, Sports & Other            1,398            1,495    -6.5            -6.7                 0.2            
  Cardiovascular                   4,416            3,679    20.0            20.0                 0.0            
  Electrophysiology                2,791            2,667     4.7             4.7                 0.0            
  Abiomed                            868              750    15.7            15.5                 0.2            
  Shockwave(1)                       550               77          *               *                —            
  Other Cardiovascular               207              185    11.7            11.8                -0.1            
  Vision                           2,648            2,543     4.1             4.2                -0.1            
  Contact Lenses/Other             1,884            1,828     3.1             2.8                 0.3            
  Surgical                           764              715     6.9             7.6                -0.7            
  Total MedTech Sales            $16,561          $15,778     5.0  %          5.1  %             -0.1  %         
                                                                                                                 
*Percentage greater than 100% or not meaningful

(1) Acquired on May 31, 2024
                                                                                                                   
  46                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

MedTech segment sales in the fiscal second quarter of 2025 were $8.5 billion, an increase of 7.3% as compared to
the same period a year ago, which included operational growth of 6.1% and a positive currency impact of 1.2%. U.S.
MedTech sales increased by 8.0%. International MedTech sales increased by 6.7%, including operational growth of
4.1% and a positive currency impact of 2.6%. In the fiscal second quarter of 2025, the net impact of acquisitions
and divestitures on the MedTech segment operational sales growth was a positive 2.0%, primarily related to the
Shockwave acquisition.

Major MedTech franchise sales — Fiscal Second Quarter Ended
                                                                                                                
                                                                   Total           Operations         Currency  
  (Dollars in Millions)    June 29, 2025    June 30, 2024          Change          Change             Change    
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Surgery                         $2,555           $2,488     2.7  %          1.8  %             0.9  %         
  Advanced                         1,164            1,141     2.0             1.0                1.0            
  General                          1,391            1,346     3.3             2.5                0.8            
  Orthopaedics                     2,305            2,312    -0.3            -1.6                1.3            
  Hips                               421              417     1.0            -0.2                1.2            
  Knees                              389              394    -1.1            -2.3                1.2            
  Trauma                             768              759     1.2            -0.1                1.3            
  Spine, Sports & Other              727              743    -2.1            -3.7                1.6            
  Cardiovascular                   2,313            1,873    23.5            22.3                1.2            
  Electrophysiology                1,468            1,323    11.0             9.8                1.2            
  Abiomed                            448              379    18.2            16.9                1.3            
  Shockwave(1)                       292               77          *               *               —            
  Other Cardiovascular               104               93    10.8             9.7                1.1            
  Vision                           1,369            1,285     6.5             4.6                1.9            
  Contact Lenses/Other               965              918     5.1             2.9                2.2            
  Surgical                           403              367     9.9             8.9                1.0            
  Total MedTech Sales             $8,541           $7,957     7.3  %          6.1  %             1.2  %         
                                                                                                                
*Percentage greater than 100% or not meaningful

(1) Acquired on May 31, 2024

The Surgery franchise achieved operational sales growth of 1.8% as compared to the prior year fiscal second
quarter. The operational growth in Advanced Surgery was primarily due to the strength of the portfolio and
commercial execution in Biosurgery and strategic price actions in Endocutters. The growth was partially offset by
the negative impact of China volume-based procurement and competitive pressures in Energy and Endocutters. The
operational growth in General Surgery was primarily driven by technology penetration and upgrades within the
differentiated Wound Closure portfolio.

The Orthopaedics franchise experienced an operational sales decline of 1.6% as compared to the prior year fiscal
second quarter. All platforms were impacted by revenue disruption from the previously announced Orthopaedics
restructuring. The operational decline in Hips reflects the negative impact of China volume-based procurement and
trade inventory dynamics partially offset by procedure growth. The operational decline in Knees was driven by
competitive pressures and market headwinds, partially offset by strength of the ATTUNE portfolio and pull through
related to the VELYS Robotic assisted solutions. The operational decline in Trauma was primarily driven by the
lapping of the strong prior year comparator partially offset by recently launched products, procedure growth and
commercial execution. The operational sales decline in Spine, Sports & Other reflects competitive pressures, price
pressures in the U.S. Early Interventional segment and China volume-based procurement.

The Cardiovascular franchise, which includes sales from Shockwave Medical (Shockwave) acquired on May 31, 2024,
achieved operational sales growth of 22.3% as compared to the prior year fiscal second quarter. Abiomed sales
growth was driven by the continued strong adoption of Impella 5.5 and Impella CP. Electrophysiology sales growth
was driven by strength in competitive mapping, new product performance, procedure growth, and lapping of prior year
inventory dynamics in China partially offset by competitive pressures in Pulsed Field Ablation catheters.

The Vision franchise achieved operational sales growth of 4.6% as compared to the prior year fiscal second quarter.
The Contact Lenses/Other operational growth was driven by price actions and continued strong performance in the
ACUVUE OASYS 1-Day family of products (including recent launches). The Surgical operational growth was primarily
driven by the continued strength of recent innovations and commercial execution.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q47                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

Analysis of consolidated earnings before provision for taxes on income

Consolidated earnings before provision for taxes on income for the fiscal six months of 2025 was $20.1 billion
representing 44.1% of sales as compared to $9.5 billion in the fiscal six months of 2024, representing 21.6% of
sales. The fiscal six months of 2025 includes the reversal of approximately $7.0 billion, a significant portion of
the previously accrued talc reserve. The fiscal six months of 2024 includes charges for talc matters of
approximately $3.0 billion.

Consolidated earnings before provision for taxes on income for the fiscal second quarter of 2025 was $6.5 billion
representing 27.3% of sales as compared to $5.7 billion in the fiscal second quarter of 2024, representing 25.6% of
sales.
                                                                                                                   
  Cost of products sold                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
                    (Dollars in billions. Percentages in chart are as a percent to total sales)                    
Fiscal six months Q2 2025 versus Fiscal six months Q2 2024

Cost of products sold increased as a percent to sales driven by:

• Increased intangible asset amortization expense related to the Intra-Cellular acquisition in the Innovative
Medicine business

• Unfavorable product mix driven by the decline of STELARA sales in the Innovative Medicine business

• Unfavorable transactional currency in the Innovative Medicine business
                                                                                                                   
   •                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
   Macroeconomic factors in the MedTech business                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
The intangible asset amortization expense included in cost of products sold for the fiscal six months of 2025 and
2024 was $2.4 billion and $2.2 billion, respectively.
                                                                                                                   
  Q2 2025 versus Q2 2024                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
Cost of products sold increased as a percent to sales primarily driven by:

• Unfavorable product mix driven by the decline of STELARA sales in the Innovative Medicine business

• Increased intangible asset amortization expense related to the Intra-Cellular acquisition in the Innovative
Medicine business
                                                                                                                   
   •                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
   Macroeconomic factors in the MedTech business                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
The intangible asset amortization expense included in cost of products sold for the fiscal second quarters of 2025
and 2024 was $1.3 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively.
                                                                                                                   
  48                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Selling, marketing and administrative expenses                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                    (Dollars in billions. Percentages in chart are as a percent to total sales)                    
Fiscal six months Q2 2025 versus Fiscal six months Q2 2024

Selling, Marketing and Administrative Expenses decreased as a percent to sales driven by:

• Corporate administrative expense rationalization

• Planned leverage and phasing of investments in the Innovative Medicine business

partially offset by

• Increased investment in the recent acquisitions of Intra-Cellular and Shockwave
                                                                                                                   
  Q2 2025 versus Q2 2024                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
Selling, Marketing and Administrative Expenses decreased as a percent to sales primarily driven by:

• Corporate administrative expense rationalization

partially offset by

• Increased investment in the recent acquisitions of Intra-Cellular and Shockwave
                                                                                                                   
  Research and development expense                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
Research and development expense by segment of business was as follows:
                                                                                                                   
         Fis…                                                    Fis…                                              
         Sec…                                                    Six                                               
         Qua…                                                    Mon…                                              
         End…                                                    End…                                              
         2025                        2024                        2025                      2024                    
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (D…                        % of                        % of                       %                         %    
  in           Amo…          Sal…          Amo…          Sal…          Am…          of           Am…          of   
  Mi…                                                                               Sa…                       Sa…  
  In…          $2,…    18.9  %       $2,…          18.8  %             $5…    18.6  %            $5…    20.0  %    
  Me…                                                                                                              
  Me…           647     7.6           718           9.0                1,…     8.0               1,…     8.6       
  To…                                                                                                              
  re…                                                                                                              
  and          $3,…    14.8  %       $3,…          15.3  %             $6…    14.8  %      $6,…         16.0  %    
  de…                                                                                                              
  ex…                                                                                                              
  Pe…                                                                                                              
  in…                                                                                                              
  ov…     2.2     %                                              (3.5   %)                                         
  the                                                                                                              
  pr…                                                                                                              
  ye…                                                                                                              
  *As                                                                                                              
  a                                                                                                                
  pe…                                                                                                              
  to                                                                                                               
  se…                                                                                                              
  sa…                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
Fiscal six months Q2 2025 versus Fiscal six months Q2 2024

Research and Development decreased as a percent to sales driven by:

• Planned leverage and phasing of investments in the Innovative Medicine business
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q49                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Q2 2025 versus Q2 2024                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
Research and Development decreased as a percent to sales driven by:

• Portfolio rationalization and expense phasing in the MedTech business

In-process research and development (IPR&D) impairments

In the fiscal second quarter and fiscal six months of 2024, the Company recorded a charge of approximately $0.2
billion associated with the M710 (biosimilar) asset acquired with Momenta in 2020. There was also a partial
impairment of this asset for $0.2 billion in the fiscal third quarter of 2023. This asset is now fully impaired.
                                                                                                                   
  Interest (income) expense                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
Interest (income) expense in the fiscal six months of 2025 was net income of $80 million as compared to net income
of $334 million in the fiscal six months of 2024. Interest income in the fiscal six months of 2025 decreased as
compared to the prior year driven by lower interest rates earned on cash balances. Interest expense was higher due
to a higher average debt balance at higher interest rates. Interest (income) expense in the fiscal second quarter
of 2025 was net expense of $48 million as compared to net income of $125 million in the fiscal second quarter of
2024. Interest income in the fiscal second quarter of 2025 decreased as compared to the prior year driven by lower
interest rates earned on cash balances. Interest expense was higher due to a higher average debt balance at higher
interest rates. The balance of cash, cash equivalents and current marketable securities was $18.9 billion at the
end of the fiscal second quarter of 2025 as compared to $25.5 billion at the end of the fiscal second quarter of
2024. The Company’s debt position was $50.8 billion as of June 29, 2025, as compared to $41.5 billion the same
period a year ago.
                                                                                                                   
  Other (income) expense, net*                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Fiscal six months Q2 2025 versus Fiscal six months Q2 2024

Other (income) expense, net for the fiscal six months of 2025 reflected an increase in income of $10.3 billion as
compared to the prior year primarily due to the following:
                                                                                                        
  Fiscal Six Months                                                                                     
  (Dollars in Billions)(Income)/Expense                June 29, 2025    June 30, 2024           Change  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Litigation related(1)                       $  -6.9                             3.1    -10.0          
  Acquisition, Integration and Divestiture        0.4                             0.5     -0.1          
  related                                                                                               
  Changes in the fair value of                                   0.1              0.4     -0.3          
  securities(2)                                                                                         
  Employee benefit plan related                                 -0.3             -0.5      0.2          
  Other                                                         -0.5             -0.4             -0.1  
  Total Other (Income) Expense, Net           $  -7.2                             3.1    -10.3          
                                                                                                        
(1) The fiscal six months of 2025 includes the reversal of approximately $7.0 billion, a significant portion of the
previously accrued talc reserve. The fiscal six months of 2024 includes charges of approximately $3.0 billion for
talc matters. For additional details related to talc refer to Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

(2) The fiscal six months of 2024 includes the loss on the completion of the debt for equity exchange of the
retained stake in Kenvue
                                                                                                                   
  50                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Q2 2025 versus Q2 2024                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
Other (income) expense, net for the fiscal second quarter of 2025 reflected an increase in income of $0.6 billion
as compared to the prior year primarily due to the following:
                                                                                                      
  Fiscal Second Quarter                                                                               
  (Dollars in Billions)(Income)/Expense               June 29, 2025    June 30, 2024          Change  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Acquisition, Integration and Divestiture    $  0.3                             0.4    -0.1          
  related                                                                                             
  Litigation related(1)                          0.1                             0.4    -0.3          
  Changes in the fair value of                                  0.0              0.4    -0.4          
  securities(2)                                                                                       
  Employee benefit plan related                                -0.1             -0.2     0.1          
  Other                                                        -0.2             -0.3             0.1  
  Total Other (Income) Expense, Net           $  0.1                             0.7    -0.6          
                                                                                                      
(1) The fiscal second quarter of 2024 includes charges for talc matters.

(2) The fiscal second quarter of 2024 includes the loss on the completion of the debt for equity exchange of the
retained stake in Kenvue.

*Other (income) expense, net is the account where the Company records gains and losses related to the sale and
write-down of certain investments in equity securities held by Johnson & Johnson Innovation - JJDC, Inc. (JJDC),
changes in the fair value of securities, gains and losses on divestitures, gains and losses on sale of assets,
certain transactional currency gains and losses, acquisition-related costs, litigation accruals and settlements,
investment (income)/loss related to employee benefit plans, as well as royalty income.
                                                                                                                   
  Segment income before tax                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
Income before tax by segment of business for the fiscal six months were as follows:
                                                                                                                   
                                                                               Percent                             
  (Dolla…    Income       June                                        June          of  June                       
  in         Before        29,    June 30,    Segment  June 29,        30,     Segment  29,              June 30,  
  Millio…    Tax          2025        2024    Sales        2025       2024       Sales  2025             2024      
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Innova…              $10,762     $10,428              $29,075    $28,052        37.0  %          37.2  %         
  Medici…                                                                                                          
  MedTech                2,625       2,609               16,561     15,778        15.9             16.5            
  Segment               13,387      13,037               45,636     43,830        29.3             29.7            
  total                                                                                                            
  (Incom…                                                                                                          
  Expens…                                                                                                          
  not                   -6,735       3,575                                                                         
  alloca…                                                                                                          
  to                                                                                                               
  segmen…                                                                                                          
  Earnin…                                                                                                          
  before                                                                                                           
  provis…                                                                                                          
  for                  $20,122      $9,462              $45,636    $43,830        44.1  %          21.6  %         
  taxes                                                                                                            
  on                                                                                                               
  income                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
(1) Amounts not allocated to segments include interest (income) expense, certain litigation expenses and general
corporate (income) expense. The fiscal six months of 2025 includes the reversal of approximately $7.0 billion, a
significant portion of the previously accrued talc reserve. The fiscal six months of 2024 includes charges for talc
matters of $3.0 billion. The fiscal six months of 2024 includes a loss of approximately $0.4 billion related to the
debt to equity exchange of the Company's remaining shares of Kenvue Common Stock.
                                                                                                                   
  Innovative Medicine segment                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
The Innovative Medicine segment income before tax as a percent of sales in the fiscal six months of 2025 was 37.0%
versus 37.2% for the same period a year ago. The slight decrease in the income before tax as a percent of sales for
the fiscal six months of 2025 as compared to the prior year was primarily driven by the following:

• Unfavorable Product mix and the impact of Medicare Part D redesign

• Increased amortization and integration costs related to the Intra-Cellular acquisition
                                                                                                                   
  •                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Unfavorable currency in Cost of products sold                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
partially offset by

• An In-process research and development impairment of $0.2 billion in 2024 related to the M710 (biosimilar) asset
acquired with Momenta in 2020
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q51                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

• Planned leverage and phasing of Selling, marketing and administrative expenses as well as Research & development
expenses
                                                                                                                   
  MedTech segment                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
The MedTech segment income before tax as a percent of sales in the fiscal six months of 2025 was 15.9% versus 16.5%
for the same period a year ago. The decrease in the income before tax as a percent of sales for the fiscal six
months of 2025 was primarily driven by the following:
                                                                                                                   
  •                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Macroeconomic factors in Cost of products sold                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
• Higher litigation expense of $0.1 billion in 2025

• A gain of $0.2 billion related to the Acclarent divestiture in 2024

partially offset by

• Lower acquisition and integration related costs of $0.1 billion in 2025 versus $0.5 billion in 2024 related to
the Shockwave acquisition

Income (loss) before tax by segment of business for the fiscal second quarters were as follows:
                                                                                                                   
                                                                               Percent                             
  (Dolla…    Income       June                                        June          of  June                       
  in         Before        29,    June 30,    Segment  June 29,        30,     Segment  29,              June 30,  
  Millio…    Tax          2025        2024    Sales        2025       2024       Sales  2025             2024      
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Innova…               $5,552      $5,459              $15,202    $14,490        36.5  %          37.7  %         
  Medici…                                                                                                          
  MedTech                1,204       1,089                8,541      7,957        14.1             13.7            
  Segment                6,756       6,548               23,743     22,447        28.5             29.2            
  total                                                                                                            
  (Incom…                                                                                                          
  Expens…                                                                                                          
  not                      265         800                                                                         
  alloca…                                                                                                          
  to                                                                                                               
  segmen…                                                                                                          
  Earnin…                                                                                                          
  before                                                                                                           
  provis…                                                                                                          
  for                   $6,491      $5,748              $23,743    $22,447        27.3  %          25.6  %         
  taxes                                                                                                            
  on                                                                                                               
  income                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
(1) Amounts not allocated to segments include interest (income) expense, certain litigation expenses and general
corporate (income) expense. The fiscal second quarter of 2024 includes charges for talc matters of $0.3 billion.
For additional details related to talc refer to Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The fiscal second
quarter of 2024 includes a loss of approximately $0.4 billion related to the debt to equity exchange of the
Company's remaining shares of Kenvue Common Stock.
                                                                                                                   
  Innovative Medicine segment                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
The Innovative Medicine segment income before tax as a percent of sales in the fiscal second quarter of 2025 was
36.5% versus 37.7% for the same period a year ago. The decrease in the income before tax as a percent of sales for
the fiscal second quarter of 2025 as compared to the prior year was primarily driven by the following:

• Unfavorable Product mix and the impact of Medicare Part D redesign

• Increased amortization and integration costs related to the Intra-Cellular acquisition

partially offset by

• An In-process research and development impairment of $0.2 billion in 2024 related to the M710 (biosimilar) asset
acquired with Momenta in 2020
                                                                                                                   
  MedTech segment                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
The MedTech segment income before tax as a percent of sales in the fiscal second quarter of 2025 was 14.1% versus
13.7% for the same period a year ago. The increase in the income before tax as a percent of sales for the fiscal
second quarter of 2025 as compared to the prior year was primarily driven by the following:

• Shockwave acquisition and integration related costs of $0.5 billion in 2024

partially offset by
                                                                                                                   
  •                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Macroeconomic factors in Cost of products sold                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
• Higher litigation expense of $0.1 billion in 2025

• A gain of $0.2 billion related to the Acclarent divestiture in 2024
                                                                                                                   
  52                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Restructuring                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
In fiscal 2025, the company initiated a restructuring program of its Surgery franchise within the MedTech segment
to simplify and focus operations by exiting certain non-strategic product lines and optimize select sites across
the network. Restructuring expenses of $29 million were recorded in the fiscal second quarter and fiscal six months
of 2025. The estimated costs of the total program are between $0.9 billion - $1.0 billion and is expected to be
completed over the next two years.

In the fiscal year 2023, the Company initiated a restructuring program of its Orthopaedics franchise within its
MedTech segment to streamline operations by exiting certain markets, product lines and distribution network
arrangements. The pre-tax restructuring expense was $50 million in the fiscal second quarter of 2025, of which $35
million was recorded in Restructuring and $15 million in Cost of products sold on the Consolidated Statement of
Earnings primarily for costs related to market and product exits. The pre-tax restructuring expense was $105
million in the fiscal six months of 2025, of which $52 million was recorded in Restructuring and $23 million in
Cost of products sold and $30 million in Other (Income)/Expense on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings primarily
for costs related to asset impairments as well as market and product exits. The pre-tax restructuring expense was
$52 million in the fiscal second quarter of 2024, of which $50 million was recorded in Restructuring and $2 million
was recorded in Cost of products sold on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings. The pre-tax restructuring expense
was $79 million in the fiscal six months of 2024, of which $70 million was recorded in Restructuring and $9 million
was recorded in Cost of products sold on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings. Total project costs of
approximately $0.6 billion have been recorded since the restructuring was announced.

In the fiscal year 2023, the Company completed a prioritization of its research and development (R&D) investment
within the Innovative Medicine segment to focus on the most promising medicines with the greatest benefit to
patients. The pre-tax restructuring charge of approximately $0.1 billion in the fiscal six months of 2024 included
the termination of partnered and non-partnered program costs and asset impairments. The program was completed in
the fiscal fourth quarter of 2024.

For further details related to the restructuring refer to Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                                                                                                   
  Provision for taxes on income                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
The worldwide effective income tax rate for the fiscal six months was 17.8% in 2025 and 16.1% in 2024.

On December 15, 2022, the European Union (EU) Member States formally adopted the EU’s Pillar Two Directive, which
generally provides for a minimum effective tax rate of 15%, as established by the Organization for Economic Co-
operation and Development (OECD) Pillar Two Framework that was supported by over 130 countries worldwide. Several
EU and non-EU countries have enacted Pillar Two legislation with an initial effective date of January 1, 2024, with
other aspects of the law effective in 2025 or later. While countries continue to enact new provisions or issue new
regulations this could have an impact to the Company’s effective tax rate. The Company will continue to monitor
further developments to determine any potential impact in the countries in which we operate, such as the recently
announced understanding between the U.S. and the G7 of a side-by-side system that would fully exclude U.S. parented
groups from certain provisions of the Pillar Two Framework.

For further details related to the fiscal 2025 provision for taxes refer to Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.
                                                                                                                   
   Liquidity and capital resources                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              Acquisitions                                                         
                                              (net of cash acquired)                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                           Proceeds from the disposal of                                           
                                              assets/businesses, net                                               
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q53                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                             Dividends to shareholders                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Cash flows                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Cash and cash equivalents were $18.6 billion at the end of the fiscal second quarter of 2025 as compared with $24.1
billion at the end of fiscal year 2024. The primary sources and uses of cash that contributed to the $5.5 billion
decrease were:
                                                                                           
     -Dollars In Billions                                                                  
                     24.1    Q4 2024 Cash and cash equivalents balance                     
                      8.1    net cash generated from operating activities                  
                    -18.6    net cash used by investing activities                         
                      4.8    net cash from financing activities                            
                      0.2    effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents  
  $                  18.6    Q2 2025 Cash and cash equivalents                             
                                                                                           
In addition, the Company had $0.3 billion in marketable securities at the end of the fiscal second quarter of 2025
and $0.4 billion at the end of fiscal year 2024.

Cash flow from operations of $8.1 billion was the result of:
                                                                                                                   
     (Dollars In Billions)                                                                                         
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  $                   16.5    Net earnings                                                                         
                              non-cash expenses and other adjustments primarily for depreciation and               
                       7.5    amortization, stock-based compensation, deferred tax provision, charge for           
                              in-process research and development assets and asset write-downs partially offset    
                              by the net gain on sale of assets/businesses                                         
                      -2.9    an increase in accounts receivable and inventories                                   
                      -0.9    a decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities                               
                      -6.2    an increase in other current and non-current assets                                  
                      -5.9    a decrease in other current and non-current liabilities                              
  $                    8.1    Net cash flows from operations                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Cash flow used by investing activities of $18.6 billion was primarily from:
                                                                                                                   
  54                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                            
     (Dollars In                                                                            
       Billions)                                                                            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  $         -1.8    additions to property, plant and equipment                              
             0.3    proceeds from the disposal of assets/businesses, net                    
           -14.5    acquisitions, net of cash acquired                                      
            -0.4    acquired in-process research and development assets/related milestones  
             0.5    net sales of investments                                                
            -2.7    credit support agreements activity, net                                 
             0.0    Other and rounding                                                      
  $        -18.6    Net cash used by investing activities                                   
                                                                                            
Cash flow from financing activities of $4.8 billion was primarily from:
                                                                                                         
     (Dollars In                                                                                         
       Billions)                                                                                         
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  $         -6.1    dividends to shareholders                                                            
            -2.1    repurchase of common stock                                                           
            12.7    net proceeds from short and long term debt                                           
             0.6    proceeds from stock options exercised/employee withholding tax on stock awards, net  
            -0.3    credit support agreements activity, net                                              
             0.0    Other and rounding                                                                   
  $          4.8    Net cash from financing activities                                                   
                                                                                                         
The following table summarizes cash taxes paid net of refunds:
                                                                                            
  (Dollars in Millions)                          June 29, 2025           December 29, 2024  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Total U.S.(1)                           3,710                   4,156                     
  Total Foreign                           1,331                   2,558                     
  Total cash taxes paid net of refunds    5,041                   6,714                     
                                                                                            
(1) Represents Federal and State taxes and includes TCJA foreign undistributed earnings payments of $2.5 billion in
2025 and $2.0 billion in 2024

The Company has access to substantial sources of funds at numerous banks worldwide and has the ability to issue up
to $20 billion in Commercial Paper. Furthermore, in June 2025, the Company secured a new 364-day Credit Facility of
$10 billion (expiration on June 24, 2026) which may be used for general corporate purposes including to support our
commercial paper borrowings. Interest charged on borrowings under the credit line agreement is based on either
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) Reference Rate or other applicable market rate as allowed plus applicable
margins. Commitment fees under the agreement are not material.

As of June 29, 2025, the Company had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of approximately $18.9
billion and had approximately $50.8 billion of notes payable and long-term debt for a net debt position of $31.9
billion as compared to the prior year fiscal second quarter net debt position of $16.0 billion. In the fiscal first
quarter of 2025, the Company issued senior unsecured notes for approximately $9.2 billion. For additional details
on borrowings, see Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The net proceeds from this offering were used
to fund the Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc. acquisition for approximately
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q55                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

$14.5 billion which closed on April 2, 2025, and for general corporate purposes. The Company anticipates that
operating cash flows, the ability to raise funds from external sources, borrowing capacity from existing committed
credit facilities and access to the commercial paper markets will continue to provide sufficient resources to fund
operating needs, including the Company’s remaining balance of approximately $4.0 billion related to talc matters,
$3.0 billion related to the current portion of Corporate bonds due and the remaining approximately $1.1 billion to
settle opioid litigation (See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details). In
addition, the Company monitors the global capital markets on an ongoing basis and from time to time may raise
capital when market conditions are favorable.
                                                                                                                   
  Dividends                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
On April 15, 2025, the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of $1.30 per share, payable on June 10,
2025, to shareholders of record as of May 27, 2025.

On July 16, 2025, the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of $1.30 per share, payable on September
9, 2025, to shareholders of record as of August 26, 2025. The Company expects to continue the practice of paying
regular quarterly cash dividends.
                                                                                                                   
  Other information                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  New accounting pronouncements                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
Refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for new accounting pronouncements.
                                                                                                                   
  Economic and market factors                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
In July 2023, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Janssen) filed litigation against the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services as well as the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services challenging the constitutionality of the
IRA's Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. The litigation requests a declaration that the IRA violates
Janssen’s rights under the First Amendment and the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution and therefore that Janssen
is not subject to the IRA’s mandatory pricing scheme. The impact of the IRA on our business and the broader
pharmaceutical industry remains uncertain, as litigation filed by Janssen and other pharmaceutical companies
remains ongoing and while CMS has publicly announced the maximum fair price for each of the selected drugs,
implementation of the program is still in progress. In April 2024, Janssen appealed the district court’s denial of
its summary judgment motion to the Third Circuit.
                                                                                                                   
  Russia-Ukraine war                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Although the long-term implications of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine are difficult to predict at this time, the
financial impact of the conflict in the fiscal second quarter of 2025, including accounts receivable or inventory
reserves, was not material. As of the fiscal six months ending June 29, 2025, and the fiscal year ending December
29, 2024, the business of the Company’s Russian subsidiaries represented less than 1% of the Company’s consolidated
assets and represented approximately 1% of revenues. The Company does not maintain Ukrainian subsidiaries.

In March of 2022, the Company took steps to suspend all advertising, enrollment in clinical trials, and any
additional investment in Russia. The Company continues to supply products relied upon by patients for healthcare
purposes.
                                                                                                                   
  Conflict in the Middle East                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Although the long-term implications of the conflict in the Middle East are difficult to predict at this time, the
financial impact of the conflict in the fiscal second quarter of 2025, including accounts receivable or inventory
reserves, was not material. As of the fiscal six months ending June 29, 2025, and the fiscal year ending December
29, 2024, the business of the Company’s Israel subsidiaries represented less than 1% of both Company’s consolidated
assets and revenues.
                                                                                                                   
  Other Macroeconomic Considerations                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
The Company operates in certain countries where the economic conditions continue to present significant challenges.
The Company continues to monitor these situations and take appropriate actions. Inflation rates and currency
exchange rates continue to have an effect on worldwide economies and, consequently, on the way the Company
operates. The Company has accounted for operations in Venezuela, Argentina, Turkey and Egypt (beginning in the
fiscal fourth quarter of 2024) as highly inflationary, as the
                                                                                                                   
  56                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

prior three-year cumulative inflation rate surpassed 100%. In the face of increasing costs, the Company strives to
maintain its profit margins through cost reduction programs, productivity improvements and periodic price
increases.

Governments around the world consider various proposals to make changes to tax laws, which may include increasing
or decreasing existing statutory tax rates. In connection with various government initiatives, companies are
required to disclose more information to tax authorities on operations around the world, which may lead to greater
audit scrutiny of profits earned in other countries. A change in statutory tax rate in any country would result in
the revaluation of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities related to that particular jurisdiction in the
period in which the new tax law is enacted. This change would result in an expense or benefit recorded to the
Company’s Consolidated Statement of Earnings. The Company closely monitors these proposals as they arise in the
countries where it operates. Changes to the statutory tax rate may occur at any time, and any related expense or
benefit recorded may be material to the fiscal quarter and year in which the law change is enacted.

The Company may be further impacted by the imposition of tariffs, trade protection measures or other policies
adopted by any jurisdiction that favor domestic companies and technologies over foreign competitors.

The Company faces various worldwide health care changes that may continue to result in pricing pressures that
include health care cost containment and government legislation relating to sales, promotions and reimbursement of
health care products.

Changes in the behavior and spending patterns of purchasers of healthcare products and services, including delaying
medical procedures, rationing prescription medications, reducing the frequency of physician visits and foregoing
healthcare insurance coverage, may continue to impact the Company’s businesses.

The Company faces regular intellectual property challenges from third parties, including generic and biosimilar
manufacturers, seeking to manufacture and market generic and biosimilar versions of key pharmaceutical products
prior to the expiration of the applicable patents. These challengers file Abbreviated New Drug Applications or
abbreviated Biologics License Applications with the FDA or otherwise challenged the coverage and/or validity of the
Company’s patents. In the event the Company is not successful in defending the patent claims challenged in the
resulting lawsuits, generic or biosimilar versions of the products at issue may be introduced to the market,
resulting in the potential for substantial market share and revenue losses for those products, and which may result
in a non-cash impairment charge in any associated intangible asset. There is also risk that one or more competitors
could launch a generic or biosimilar version of the product at issue following regulatory approval even though one
or more valid patents are in place.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 3 — Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk                                            │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
There has been no material change in the Company’s assessment of its sensitivity to market risk since its
presentation set forth in Item 7A, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk,” in its Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2024.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 4 — Controls and procedures                                                                               │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Disclosure controls and procedures. At the end of the period covered by this report, the Company evaluated the
effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures. The Company’s disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the
reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without
limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in
the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the
Company’s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing
similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Joaquin Duato, Chief
Executive Officer; Chairman, Executive Committee and Joseph J. Wolk, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer, reviewed and participated in this evaluation. Based on this evaluation, Messrs. Duato and Wolk concluded
that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were
effective.

Internal control. During the period covered by this report, there were no changes in the Company’s internal control
over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting. The Company continues to monitor and assess the effectiveness
of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q57                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents

The Company is implementing a multi-year, enterprise-wide initiative to integrate, simplify and standardize
processes and systems for the human resources, information technology, procurement, supply chain and finance
functions. These are enhancements to support the growth of the Company’s financial shared service capabilities and
standardize financial systems. This initiative is not in response to any identified deficiency or weakness in the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting. In response to this initiative, the Company has and will
continue to align and streamline the design and operation of its financial control environment.
                                                                                                                   
  58                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
╔═ § ═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║                                                                                                                 ║
║  Part II — Other information                                                                                    ║
║                                                                                                                 ║
╚═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 1 — Legal proceedings                                                                                     │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to Note 11 included in Part I, Item 1,
Financial Statements (unaudited) — Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 2 — Unregistered sales of equity securities and use of proceeds                                           │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
(c) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers.

The following table provides information with respect to Common Stock purchases by the Company during the fiscal
second quarter of 2025. Common stock purchases on the open market are made as part of a systematic plan to meet the
needs of the Company's compensation programs. The repurchases below also include the stock-for-stock option
exercises that settled in the fiscal second quarter.
                                                                                                                   
                                                                  Total Number of                                  
  Fiscal Month Period                                             Shares                                           
  March 31, 2025 through                            Avg. Price    Purchased as           Maximum Number of         
  April 27, 2025                 Total Number       Per Share     Part of Publicly       Shares that May Yet       
  April 28, 2025 through May     of Shares     —    —             Announced Plans   —    Be Purchased Under     —  
  25, 2025                       Purchased(1)  —    —             or Programs       —    the Plans or Programs  —  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  May 26, 2025 through June                    —    —                               —                           —  
  29, 2025                                                                                                         
  Total                                        —    —                               —                           —  
                                                                                                                   
(1) During the fiscal second quarter of 2025, the Company did not repurchase any shares of Johnson & Johnson Common
Stock in open-market transactions.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q59                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 5 — Other information                                                                                     │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Securities trading plans of Directors and Executive Officers . During the fiscal second quarter of 2025, none of
our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) informed us of the adoptionor
terminationof a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” each as defined in Item
408 of Regulation S-K.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 6 — Exhibits                                                                                              │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Exhibit 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer under Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 — Filed with this document.

Exhibit 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer under Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 — Filed with this document.

Exhibit 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 —
Furnished with this document.

Exhibit 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 —
Furnished with this document.

Exhibit 101:
                                                                                                                   
  EX-101.INS      Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because   
                  its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document                                       
  EX-101.SCH      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema                                                            
  EX-101.CAL      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase                                              
  EX-101.LAB      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase                                                    
  EX-101.PRE      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase                                             
  EX-101.DEF      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document                                               
  Exhibit 104:    Cover Page Interactive Data File––the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the    
                  Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.        
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  60                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
   Signatures                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
                       
  Date: July 24, 2025  
 ───────────────────── 
                       
                       
  Date: July 24, 2025  
 ───────────────────── 
                       
                     
  JOHNSON & JOHNSON  
  (Registrant)       
                     
                                                                                                     
  By    /s/J. J. Wolk                                                                                
        J. J. Wolk, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)  
                                                                                                     
                                                                    
  By    /s/R. J. Decker Jr.                                         
        R. J. Decker Jr.,Controller (Principal Accounting Officer)  
                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q61                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
