                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              Washington, D.C. 20549                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 10-Q                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                
  ☑    Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                   for the quarterly period ended March 30, 2025                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                        or                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                 
  ☐    Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
       for the transition period from            to                                              
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                           Commission file number 1-3215                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                 Johnson & Johnson                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                               
                                                         
  New Jersey                         22-1024240          
  (State or other jurisdiction of    -I.R.S. Employer    
  incorporation or organization)     Identification No.  
                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                            One Johnson & Johnson Plaza                                            
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                          New Brunswick, New Jersey 08933                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                     (Address of principal executive offices)                                      
                                                                                                                   
                        Registrant’s telephone number, including area code ( 732) 524-0400                         
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. ☑ Yes ☐ No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to
be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files). ☑ Yes ☐ No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated
filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.
                                                                  
  Large accelerated filer    ☑    Accelerated filer            ☐  
  Non-accelerated filer      ☐    Smaller reporting company    ☐  
  Emerging growth company    ☐                                    
                                                                  
If an emerging growth company, indicated by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). ☐
Yes ☑ No
                            SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT                             
                                                                                                 
  Title of each class               Trading Symbol    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common Stock, Par Value $1.00     JNJ               New York Stock Exchange                    
  1.150% Notes Due November 2028    JNJ28             New York Stock Exchange                    
  2.700% Notes Due February 2029    JNJ29B            New York Stock Exchange                    
  3.200% Notes Due June 2032        JNJ32             New York Stock Exchange                    
  3.050% Notes Due February 2033    JNJ33B            New York Stock Exchange                    
  1.650% Notes Due May 2035         JNJ35             New York Stock Exchange                    
  3.350% Notes Due June 2036        JNJ36A            New York Stock Exchange                    
  3.350% Notes Due February 2037    JNJ37B            New York Stock Exchange                    
  3.550% Notes Due June 2044        JNJ44             New York Stock Exchange                    
  3.600% Notes Due February 2045    JNJ45             New York Stock Exchange                    
  3.700% Notes Due February 2055    JNJ55             New York Stock Exchange                    
                                                                                                 
Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer’s classes of common stock, as of the latest
practicable date.

On April 18, 2025, 2,406,073,279shares of Common Stock, $1.00 par value, were outstanding.
                                                                                                                   
                                        JOHNSON & JOHNSON AND SUBSIDIARIES                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Table of contents                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Item                                                                                                       Page  
  Part I                                                                                                           
             Financial information                                                                              1  
  Item 1     Financial statements (unaudited)                                                                   1  
             Consolidated balance sheets —March30, 2025and December29, 2024                                     1  
             Consolidated statements of earnings for the fiscalfirstquarters endedMarch30,                      2  
             2025andMarch31, 2024                                                                                  
             Consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the fiscalfirstquartersendedMarch30,           3  
             2025andMarch31, 2024                                                                                  
             Consolidated statements of equity for the fiscalfirstquartersendedMarch30, 2025andMarch31,         4  
             2024                                                                                                  
             Consolidated statements of cash flows for the fiscalthreemonths endedMarch30,                      5  
             2025andMarch31, 2024                                                                                  
             Notes to consolidated financial statements                                                         7  
  Item 2     Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations             38  
  Item 3     Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk                                        48  
  Item 4     Controls and procedures                                                                           48  
  Part II                                                                                                          
             Other information                                                                                 49  
  Item 1     Legal proceedings                                                                                 49  
  Item 2     Unregistered sales of equity securities and use of proceeds                                       49  
  Item 5     Other information                                                                                 50  
  Item 6     Exhibits                                                                                          50  
             Signatures                                                                                        51  
                                                                                                                   
Cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Johnson & Johnson’s other publicly available documents contain “forward-
looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Management and representatives of Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiaries (the
Company) also may from time to time make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements do not relate
strictly to historical or current facts and reflect management’s assumptions, views, plans, objectives and
projections about the future. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as “plans,”
“expects,” “will,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” and other words of similar meaning in conjunction with, among other
things: discussions of future operations, expected operating results, financial performance; impact of planned
acquisitions and dispositions; impact and timing of restructuring initiatives including associated cost savings and
other benefits; the Company’s strategy for growth; product development activities; regulatory approvals; market
position and expenditures.

Because forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding future
events, they are subject to uncertainties, risks and changes that are difficult to predict and many of which are
outside of the Company’s control. Investors should realize that if underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, or
known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, the Company’s actual results and financial condition could
vary materially from expectations and projections expressed or implied in its forward-looking statements. Investors
are therefore cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include, but are
not limited to:

Risks related to product development, market success and competition

• Challenges and uncertainties inherent in innovation and development of new and improved products and technologies
on which the Company’s continued growth and success depend, including uncertainty of clinical outcomes, additional
analysis of existing clinical data, obtaining regulatory approvals, health plan coverage and customer access, and
initial and continued commercial success;

• Challenges to the Company’s ability to secure and maintain adequate patent and other intellectual property rights
for new and existing products and technologies in the United States and other important markets;

• The impact of patent expirations, typically followed by the introduction of competing generic, biosimilar or
other products and resulting revenue and market share losses;

• Increasingly aggressive and frequent challenges to the Company’s patents by competitors and others seeking to
launch competing generic, biosimilar or other products and increased receptivity of courts, the United States
Patent and Trademark Office and other decision makers to such challenges, potentially resulting in loss of market
exclusivity and rapid decline in sales for the relevant product sooner than expected;

• Competition in research and development of new and improved products, processes and technologies, which can
result in product and process obsolescence;

• Competition to reach agreement with third parties for collaboration, licensing, development and marketing
agreements for products and technologies;

• Competition based on cost-effectiveness, product performance, technological advances and patents attained by
competitors; and

• Allegations that the Company’s products infringe the patents and other intellectual property rights of third
parties, which could adversely affect the Company’s ability to sell the products in question and require the
payment of money damages and future royalties.

Risks related to product liability, litigation and regulatory activity

• Product efficacy or safety concerns, whether or not based on scientific evidence, potentially resulting in
product withdrawals, recalls, regulatory action on the part of the United States Food and Drug Administration (U.S.
FDA) (or international counterparts), declining sales, reputational damage, increased litigation expense and share
price impact;

• The impact, including declining sales and reputational damage, of significant litigation or government action
adverse to the Company, including product liability claims and allegations related to pharmaceutical marketing
practices and contracting strategies;

• The impact of an adverse judgment or settlement and the adequacy of reserves related to legal proceedings,
including patent litigation, product liability, personal injury claims, securities class actions, government
investigations, employment and other legal proceedings;

• Increased scrutiny of the healthcare industry by government agencies and state attorneys general resulting in
investigations and prosecutions, which carry the risk of significant civil and criminal penalties, including, but
not limited to, debarment from government business;

• Failure to meet compliance obligations in compliance agreements with governments or government agencies, which
could result in significant sanctions;

• Potential changes to applicable laws and regulations affecting United States and international operations,
including relating to: approval of new products; licensing and patent rights; sales and promotion of healthcare
products; access to, and reimbursement and pricing for, healthcare products and services; environmental protection;
and sourcing of raw materials;

• Compliance with local regulations and laws that may restrict the Company’s ability to manufacture or sell its
products in relevant markets, including requirements to comply with medical device reporting regulations and other
requirements such as the European Union’s Medical Devices Regulation;

• Changes in domestic and international tax laws and regulations, increasing audit scrutiny by tax authorities
around the world may cause exposures to additional tax liabilities potentially in excess of existing reserves; and

• The issuance of new or revised accounting standards by the Financial Accounting Standards Board and regulations
by the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Risks related to the Company’s strategic initiatives and healthcare market trends

• Pricing pressures resulting from trends toward healthcare cost containment, including the continued consolidation
among healthcare providers and other market participants, trends toward managed care, the shift toward governments
increasingly becoming the primary payors of healthcare expenses, significant new entrants to the healthcare markets
seeking to reduce costs and government pressure on companies to voluntarily reduce costs and price increases;

• Restricted spending patterns of individual, institutional and governmental purchasers of healthcare products and
services due to economic hardship and budgetary constraints;

• Challenges to the Company’s ability to realize its strategy for growth including through externally sourced
innovations, such as development collaborations, strategic acquisitions, licensing and marketing agreements, and
the potential heightened costs of any such external arrangements due to competitive pressures;

• The potential that the expected strategic benefits and opportunities from any planned or completed acquisition or
divestiture by the Company may not be realized or may take longer to realize than expected; and

• The potential that the expected benefits and opportunities related to past and ongoing restructuring actions may
not be realized or may take longer to realize than expected.

Risks related to economic conditions, financial markets and operating internationally

• The risks associated with global operations on the Company and its customers and suppliers, including foreign
governments in countries in which the Company operates;

• The impact of inflation and fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange rates and the potential effect
of such fluctuations on revenues, expenses and resulting margins;

• Potential changes in export/import and trade laws, regulations and policies of the United States and other
countries, including any increased trade restrictions or tariffs and potential drug reimportation legislation, and
the impact of such changes on raw material prices, supply chains market volatility and the pace of product
development;

• The impact on international operations from financial instability in international economies, sovereign risk,
possible imposition of governmental controls and restrictive economic policies, and unstable international
governments and legal systems;

• The impact of global public health crises and pandemics;

• Changes to global climate, extreme weather and natural disasters that could affect demand for the Company’s
products and services, cause disruptions in manufacturing and distribution networks, alter the availability of
goods and services within the supply chain, and affect the overall design and integrity of the Company’s products
and operations;

• The impact of global or economic changes or events, including global tensions and war; and

• The impact of armed conflicts and terrorist attacks in the United States and other parts of the world, including
social and economic disruptions and instability of financial and other markets.
                                                                                                                   
   Risks related to supply chain and operations                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
• Difficulties and delays in manufacturing, internally, through third-party providers or otherwise within the
supply chain, that may lead to voluntary or involuntary business interruptions or shutdowns, product shortages,
withdrawals or suspensions of products from the market, and potential regulatory action;

• Interruptions and breaches of the Company’s information technology systems or those of the Company’s vendors,
which could result in reputational, competitive, operational or other business harm as well as financial costs and
regulatory action;

• Reliance on global supply chains and production and distribution processes that are complex and subject to
increasing regulatory requirements that may adversely affect supply, sourcing and pricing of materials used in the
Company’s products; and

• The potential that the expected benefits and opportunities related to restructuring actions may not be realized
or may take longer to realize than expected, including due to any required approvals from applicable regulatory
authorities.

Investors also should carefully read the Risk Factors described in Item 1A of the Company's Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2024, for a description of certain risks that could, among other
things, cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from those expressed in its forward-looking
statements. Investors should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and should
not consider the risks described above to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. The
Company does not undertake to publicly update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time,
whether as a result of new information or future events or developments.

Tabl e of Contents
╔═ § ═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║                                                                                                                 ║
║  Part I — Financial information                                                                                 ║
║                                                                                                                 ║
╚═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 1 — Financial statements                                                                                  │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Johnson & Johnson and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets

(Unaudited; Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Data)
                                                                                   
                                              March 30, 2025    December 29, 2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Assets                                                                           
  Current assets:                                                                  
  Cash and cash equivalents (Note 4)                 $38,474               24,105  
  Marketable securities                                  307                  417  
  Accounts receivable, trade, less                    16,020               14,842  
  allowances $170(2024, $167)                                                      
  Inventories (Note 2)                                12,659               12,444  
  Prepaid expenses and other                           4,091                4,085  
  Total current assets                                71,551               55,893  
  Property, plant and equipment at cost               49,884               48,768  
  Less: accumulated depreciation                     -29,013              -28,250  
  Property, plant and equipment, net                  20,871               20,518  
  Intangible assets, net (Note 3)                     36,755               37,618  
  Goodwill (Note 3)                                   44,468               44,200  
  Deferred taxes on income (Note 5)                    8,492               10,461  
  Other assets                                        11,534               11,414  
  Total assets                                      $193,671              180,104  
  Liabilities and shareholders’ equity                                             
  Current liabilities:                                                             
  Loans and notes payable                            $13,897                5,983  
  Accounts payable                                     9,545               10,311  
  Accrued liabilities                                  7,913                8,549  
  Accrued rebates, returns and promotions             18,780               17,580  
  Accrued compensation and employee                    2,551                4,126  
  related obligations                                                              
  Accrued taxes on income (Note 5)                     4,217                3,772  
  Total current liabilities                           56,903               50,321  
  Long-term debt (Note 4)                             38,355               30,651  
  Deferred taxes on income (Note 5)                    2,428                2,448  
  Employee related obligations (Note 6)                7,046                7,255  
  Long-term taxes payable (Note 5)                       395                  390  
  Other liabilities                                   10,435               17,549  
  Total liabilities                                 $115,562              108,614  
  Commitments and Contingencies (Note 11)                                          
  Shareholders’ equity:                                                            
  Common stock — par value $1.00per share                                          
  (authorized4,320,000,000shares;                     $3,120                3,120  
  issued3,119,843,000shares)                                                       
  Accumulated other comprehensive income             -11,740              -11,741  
  (loss) (Note 7)                                                                  
  Retained earnings and Additional paid-in           162,635              155,791  
  capital                                                                          
  Less:                                                                            
  common stock held in treasury, at cost              75,906               75,680  
  (714,218,000and712,921,000shares)                                                
  Total shareholders’ equity                         $78,109               71,490  
  Total liabilities and shareholders’               $193,671              180,104  
  equity                                                                           
                                                                                   
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q1                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents

Johnson & Johnson and subsidiaries consolidated statements of earnings

(Unaudited; Dollars & Shares in Millions Except Per Share Amounts)
                                                                                                                   
                                       Fiscal First  March 30,           Percent     March 31,           Percent   
                                      Quarter Ended       2025           to Sales         2024           to Sales  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Sales to customers (Note 9)                          $21,893    100.0  %             $21,383    100.0  %         
  Cost of products sold                       7,357                33.6                  6,511     30.4            
  Gross profit                               14,536                66.4                 14,872     69.6            
  Selling, marketing and                                                                                           
  administrative                              5,112                23.3                  5,257     24.6            
  expenses                                                                                                         
  Research and development expense            3,225                14.7                  3,542     16.6            
  Interest income                              -332                -1.5                   -364     -1.7            
  Interest expense, net of portion              204                 0.9                    155      0.7            
  capitalized                                                                                                      
  Other (income) expense, net                -7,321               -33.4                  2,404     11.2            
  Restructuring (Note 12)                        17                 0.1                    164      0.8            
  Earnings before provision for                                                                                    
  taxes on                                   13,631                62.3                  3,714     17.4            
  income                                                                                                           
  Provision for taxes on income               2,632                12.1                    459      2.2            
  (Note 5)                                                                                                         
  Net earnings                              $10,999                50.2  %              $3,255     15.2  %         
  Net earnings per share (Note 8)                                                                                  
  Basic                                       $4.57                                      $1.35                     
  Diluted                                     $4.54                                      $1.34                     
  Avg. shares outstanding                                                                                          
  Basic                                     2,407.2                                    2,408.2                     
  Diluted                                   2,423.8                                    2,430.1                     
                                                                                                                   
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                   
  2                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents

Johnson & Johnson and subsidiaries consolidated statements of comprehensive income

(Unaudited; Dollars in Millions)
                                                                                                    
                                            Fiscal First Quarter                                    
                                            Ended                 March 30, 2025    March 31, 2024  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net earnings                                                           $10,999             3,255  
  Other comprehensive income (loss), net                                                            
  of tax                                                                                            
  Foreign currency translation                                              -575             2,123  
  Securities:                                                                                       
  Unrealized holding gain (loss) arising                                       —                 2  
  during period                                                                                     
  Net change                                                                   —                 2  
  Employee benefit plans:                                                                           
  Prior service cost amortization during                                     -35               -16  
  period                                                                                            
  Gain (loss) amortization during period                                      77                68  
  Net change                                                                  42                52  
  Derivatives & hedges:                                                                             
  Unrealized gain (loss) arising during                                     -142              -167  
  period                                                                                            
  Reclassifications to earnings                                              676              -251  
  Net change                                                                 534              -418  
  Other comprehensive income (loss)                                            1             1,759  
  Comprehensive income                                                   $11,000             5,014  
                                                                                                    
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                      
  The tax cost/(benefit) effects in other             
  comprehensive income for the fiscal first quarter   
  were as follows for 2025 and 2024, respectively:    
  Foreign Currency Translation: $400million and       
  $(619) million; Employee Benefit Plans: $11million  
  and $(42) million; Derivatives & Hedges:            
  $142million and $(111) million.                     
                                                      
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q3                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents

Johnson & Johnson and subsidiaries consolidated statements of equity

(Unaudited; Dollars in Millions)
                                                                                                                   
  Fiscal First Quarter Ended March 30, 2025                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        Retained                         Accumulated                     Treasury  
                      Total             Earnings and                           Other     Common Stock       Stock  
                                        Additional Paid-in             Comprehensive    Issued Amount      Amount  
                                        Capital                        Income (AOCI)                               
  Balance,                                                                                                         
  December 29,               $71,490                        155,791          -11,741            3,120     -75,680  
  2024                                                                                                             
  Net earnings                10,999                         10,999                —                —           —  
  Cash dividends                                                                                                   
  paid ($1.24per              -2,989                         -2,989                —                —           —  
  share)                                                                                                           
  Employee                                                                                                         
  compensation and               737                         -1,166                —                —       1,903  
  stock option                                                                                                     
  plans                                                                                                            
  Repurchase of               -2,129                                               —                —      -2,129  
  common stock                                                                                                     
  Other                                                                                                            
  comprehensive                                                                                                    
  income (loss),                   1                              —                1                —           —  
  net                                                                                                              
  of tax                                                                                                           
  Balance, March             $78,109                        162,635          -11,740            3,120     -75,906  
  30, 2025                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
Fiscal First Quarter Ended March 31, 2024
                                                                                                                   
                                     Retained                            Accumulated                     Treasury  
                            Total    Earnings and                              Other     Common Stock       Stock  
                                     Additional Paid-in                Comprehensive    Issued Amount      Amount  
                                     Capital                                  Income                               
  Balance, December       $68,774                           153,843          -12,527            3,120     -75,662  
  31, 2023                                                                                                         
  Net earnings              3,255                             3,255                —                —           —  
  Cash dividends paid      -2,869                            -2,869                —                —           —  
  ($1.19per share)                                                                                                 
  Employee                                                                                                         
  compensation and            577                              -851                —                —       1,428  
  stock option                                                                                                     
  plans                                                                                                            
  Repurchase of common     -1,475                                 —                —                —      -1,475  
  stock                                                                                                            
  Other                        -1                                 —                —                —          -1  
  Other comprehensive                                                                                              
  income (loss), net        1,759                                 —            1,759                —           —  
  of tax                                                                                                           
  Balance, March 31,      $70,020                           153,378          -10,768            3,120     -75,710  
  2024                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                   
  4                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents

Johnson & Johnson and subsidiaries consolidated statements of cash flows

(Unaudited; Dollars in Millions)
                                                                                           
                                              Fiscal Three Months  March 30,    March 31,  
                                              Ended                     2025         2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash flows from operating activities                                                     
  Net earnings                                                       $10,999        3,255  
  Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to                                                 
  cash flows from operating activities:                                                    
  Depreciation and amortization of                                     1,772        1,815  
  property and intangibles                                                                 
  Stock based compensation                                               288          302  
  Asset write-downs                                                       30          185  
  Charges for purchase of in-process                                      16            —  
  research and development assets                                                          
  Net gain on sale of assets/businesses                                  -75            —  
  Deferred tax provision                                               2,172       -1,562  
  Credit losses and accounts receivable                                   -4            —  
  allowances                                                                               
  Changes in assets and liabilities, net                                                   
  of effects from acquisitions and                                                         
  divestitures:                                                                            
                                                                                           
  Increase in accounts receivable                                       -926         -279  
  Increase in inventories                                               -146         -348  
  Decrease in accounts payable and accrued                            -2,126       -2,483  
  liabilities                                                                              
  (Increase)/Decrease in other current and                            -1,317        3,199  
  non-current assets                                                                       
  Decrease in other current and                                       -6,509         -427  
  non-current liabilities                                                                  
  Net cash flows from operating activities                             4,174        3,657  
  Cash flows from investing activities                                                     
  Additions to property, plant and                                      -795         -807  
  equipment                                                                                
  Proceeds from the disposal of                                          279          210  
  assets/businesses, net (Note 10)                                                         
  Acquisitions, net of cash acquired (Note                                 —       -1,811  
  10)                                                                                      
  Acquired in-process research and                                       -14            —  
  development assets (Note 10)                                                             
  Purchases of investments                                              -251         -630  
  Sales of investments                                                   218          979  
  Credit support agreements activity, net                                296        1,600  
  Other (including capitalized licenses                                  -30           -5  
  and milestones)                                                                          
  Net cash used by investing activities                                 -297         -464  
  Cash flows from financing activities                                                     
  Dividends to shareholders                                           -2,989       -2,869  
  Repurchase of common stock                                          -2,127       -1,475  
  Proceeds from short-term debt, net                                   8,784        5,263  
  Repayment of short-term debt, net                                   -2,120         -890  
  Proceeds from long-term debt, net of                                 9,138            2  
  issuance costs                                                                           
  Repayment of long-term debt                                           -751           -1  
  Proceeds from the exercise of stock                                                      
  options/employee withholding tax on                                    450          195  
  stock awards, net                                                                        
  Credit support agreements activity, net                                 -3          228  
  Other                                                                   40           93  
  Net cash from financing activities                                  10,422          546  
                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q5                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents
                                                                                           
                                              Fiscal Three Months  March 30,    March 31,  
                                              Ended                     2025         2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Effect of exchange rate changes on cash                                 70         -125  
  and cash equivalents                                                                     
  Increase in cash and cash equivalents                               14,369        3,614  
  Cash and Cash equivalents beginning of                              24,105       21,859  
  period                                                                                   
  Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                            38,474       25,473  
  Acquisitions (Note 10)                                                                   
  Fair value of assets acquired                                           $—        1,899  
  Fair value of liabilities assumed                                        —          -88  
  Net cash paid for acquisitions                                          $—        1,811  
                                                                                           
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                   
  6                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents
                                                                                                                   
   Notes to consolidated financial statements                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Note 1 — The accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements and related notes should be read in
conjunction with the audited Consolidated Financial Statements of Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiaries (the
Company) and related notes as contained in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 29, 2024. The unaudited interim financial statements include all adjustments (consisting only of normal
recurring adjustments) and accruals necessary in the judgment of management for a fair statement of the results for
the periods presented.

Columns and rows within tables may not add due to rounding. Percentages have been calculated using actual, non-
rounded figures.
New accounting standards
The Company assesses the adoption impacts of recently issued accounting standards by the Financial Accounting
Standards Board on the Company's financial statements as well as material updates to previous assessments, if any,
from the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2024.
Recently adopted accounting standards
There were no new material accounting standards adopted in the fiscal first quarter of 2025.
Recently issued accounting standards
There were no new material accounting standards issued in the fiscal first quarter of 2025.
Supplier finance program obligations

The Company has agreements for supplier finance programs with third-party financial institutions. These programs
provide participating suppliers the ability to finance payment obligations from the Company with the third-party
financial institutions. The Company is not a party to the arrangements between the suppliers and the third-party
financial institutions. The Company’s obligations to its suppliers, including amounts due, and scheduled payment
dates (which have general payment terms of 90days), are not affected by a participating supplier’s decision to
participate in the program.

Confirmed obligations under the program as of March 30, 2025, and December 29, 2024, were $ 0.6billion and $
0.8billion, respectively. The obligations are presented as Accounts payable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
                                                                                                                   
  Note 2 — Inventories                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                     
  (Dollars in Millions)         March 30, 2025    December 29, 2024  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Raw materials and supplies            $2,371                2,337  
  Goods in process                       3,203                2,815  
  Finished goods                         7,085                7,292  
  Total inventories                    $12,659               12,444  
                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q7                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Note 3 — Intangible assets and goodwill                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
Intangible assets that have finite useful lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. The latest annual
impairment assessment of goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets was completed in the fiscal fourth quarter
of 2024. Future impairment tests for goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets will be performed annually in
the fiscal fourth quarter, or sooner, if warranted.
                                                                                   
  (Dollars in Millions)                       March 30, 2025    December 29, 2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Intangible assets with definite lives:                                           
  Patents and trademarks — gross                     $45,591               44,695  
  Less accumulated amortization                      -27,748              -26,124  
  Patents and trademarks — net                       $17,843               18,571  
  Customer relationships and other                    20,493               20,310  
  intangibles — gross                                                              
  Less accumulated amortization                      -13,882              -13,544  
  Customer relationships and other                    $6,611                6,766  
  intangibles — net(1)                                                             
  Intangible assets with indefinite lives:                                         
  Purchased in-process research and                   12,301               12,281  
  development                                                                      
  Total intangible assets — net                      $36,755               37,618  
                                                                                   
(1) The majority is comprised of customer relationships
Goodwill as of March 30, 2025 was allocated by segment of business as follows:
                                                                                 
  (Dollars in Millions)                Innovative             MedTech     Total  
                                       Medicine                                  
  Goodwill at December 29, 2024                    $10,692     33,508    44,200  
  Goodwill, related to acquisitions                      —          —         —  
  Goodwill, related to divestitures                      —        -29       -29  
  Currency translation/Other                           215         82       297  
  Goodwill at March 30, 2025                       $10,907     33,561    44,468  
                                                                                 
The weighted average amortization period for patents and trademarks is approximately 12years. The weighted average
amortization period for customer relationships and other intangible assets is approximately 19years. The
amortization expense of amortizable intangible assets included in the cost of products sold was $ 1.1billion for
both of the fiscal first quarters ended March 30, 2025 and March 31, 2024.
The estimated amortization expense for approved products, before tax, for the five succeeding years is
approximately:
                                                             
  (Dollars in Millions)                                      
  2025                      2026     2027     2028     2029  
  $4,000                   3,400    2,800    2,200    2,200  
                                                             
See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details related to acquisitions and
divestitures.
                                                                                                                   
  8                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Note 4 — Fair value measurements                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
The Company uses forward foreign exchange contracts to manage its exposure to the variability of cash flows,
primarily related to the foreign exchange rate changes of future intercompany product and third-party purchases of
materials denominated in a foreign currency. The Company uses cross currency interest rate swaps to manage currency
risk primarily related to borrowings. Both types of derivatives are designated as cash flow hedges.

Additionally, the Company uses interest rate swaps as an instrument to manage interest rate risk related to fixed
rate borrowings. These derivatives are designated as fair value hedges. The Company uses cross currency interest
rate swaps and forward foreign exchange contracts designated as net investment hedges. Additionally, the Company
uses forward foreign exchange contracts to offset its exposure to certain foreign currency assets and liabilities.
These forward foreign exchange contracts are not designated as hedges, and therefore, changes in the fair values of
these derivatives are recognized in earnings, thereby offsetting the current earnings effect of the related foreign
currency assets and liabilities.

The Company does not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes, or that
contain credit risk related contingent features. The Company maintains credit support agreements (CSA) with certain
derivative counterparties establishing collateral thresholds based on respective credit ratings and netting
agreements. As of March 30, 2025, the cumulative amount of cash collateral paid by the Company under the CSA
amounted to $ 1.9billion net, related to net investment and cash flow hedges. On an ongoing basis, the Company
monitors counter-party credit ratings. The Company considers credit non-performance risk to be low because the
Company primarily enters into agreements with commercial institutions that have at least an investment grade credit
rating. Refer to the table on significant financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value contained in this
footnote for receivables and payables with these commercial institutions. As of March 30, 2025, the Company had
notional amounts outstanding for forward foreign exchange contracts, cross currency interest rate swaps and
interest rate swaps of $ 45.2billion, $ 40.0billion and $ 9.0billion, respectively. As of December 29, 2024, the
Company had notional amounts outstanding for forward foreign exchange contracts, cross currency interest rate swaps
and interest rate swaps of $ 45.1billion, $ 40.5billion and $ 9.0billion, respectively.

All derivative instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. Changes in the fair value of
derivatives are recorded each period in current earnings or other comprehensive income, depending on whether the
derivative is designated as part of a hedge transaction, and if so, the type of hedge transaction.

The designation as a cash flow hedge is made at the entrance date of the derivative contract. At inception, all
derivatives are expected to be highly effective. Foreign exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges are
accounted for under the forward method and all gains/losses associated with these contracts will be recognized in
the income statement when the hedged item impacts earnings. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are
recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income until the underlying transaction affects earnings and are then
reclassified to earnings in the same account as the hedged transaction.

Gains and losses associated with interest rate swaps and changes in fair value of hedged debt attributable to
changes in interest rates are recorded to interest expense in the period in which they occur. Gains and losses on
net investment hedges are accounted for through the currency translation account within accumulated other
comprehensive income. The portion excluded from effectiveness testing is recorded through interest (income) expense
using the spot method. On an ongoing basis, the Company assesses whether each derivative continues to be highly
effective in offsetting changes of hedged items. If and when a derivative is no longer expected to be highly
effective, hedge accounting is discontinued.

The Company designated its Euro denominated notes with due dates ranging from 2028 to 2055 as a net investment
hedge of the Company's investments in certain of its international subsidiaries that use the Euro as their
functional currency in order to reduce the volatility caused by changes in exchange rates.

As of March 30, 2025, the balance of deferred net loss on derivatives included in accumulated other comprehensive
income was $ 1.2billion after-tax. For additional information, see the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income and Note 7. The Company expects that substantially all of the amounts related to forward foreign exchange
contracts will be reclassified into earnings over the next 12 months as a result of transactions that are expected
to occur over that period. The maximum length of time over which the Company is hedging transaction exposure is
18months, excluding interest rate contracts and net investment hedge contracts. The amount ultimately realized in
earnings may differ as foreign exchange rates change. Realized gains and losses are ultimately determined by actual
exchange rates at maturity of the derivative.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q9                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents
The following table is a summary of the activity related to derivatives and hedges for the fiscal first quarters
ended March 30, 2025 and March 31, 2024, net of tax:
                                                                                                                   
        Ma…                                                    Ma…                                                 
        30,                                                    31,                                                 
        20…                                                    20…                                                 
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (…               Co…                   In…        Ot…                   Co…                   I…         O…      
  in         S…    of         R&D        (I…        (I…             S…    of         R&D        (…         (…      
  M…               Pr…        Ex…        Ex…        Ex…                   Pr…        Ex…        E…         E…      
                   So…                                                    So…                                      
  T…                                                                                                               
  e…                                                                                                               
  of                                                                                                               
  f…                                                                                                               
  v…                                                                                                               
  n…                                                                                                               
  i…                                                                                                               
  a…                                                                                                               
  c…                                                                                                               
  f…                                                                                                               
  h…                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
  G…                                                                                                               
  (…                                                                                                               
  on                                                                                                               
  f…                                                                                                               
  v…                                                                                                               
  h…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  I…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  s…                                                                                                               
  c…                                                                                                               
  H…         $—          —          —         1…          —          —          —          —          8         —  
  i…                                                                                                               
  D…                                                                                                               
  d…                                                                                                               
  as          —          —          —         -…          —          —          —          —         -8         —  
  h…                                                                                                               
  i…                                                                                                               
  G…                                                                                                               
  (…                                                                                                               
  on                                                                                                               
  n…                                                                                                               
  i…                                                                                                               
  h…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  C…                                                                                                               
  c…                                                                                                               
  i…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  s…                                                                                                               
  c…                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  of                                                                                                               
  g…                                                                                                               
  or                                                                                                               
  (…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  in                                                                                                               
  i…          —          —          —         49          —          —          —          —         34         —  
  on                                                                                                               
  d…                                                                                                               
  a…                                                                                                               
  e…                                                                                                               
  f…                                                                                                               
  e…                                                                                                               
  t…                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  of                                                                                                               
  g…                                                                                                               
  or          —          —          —         49          —          —          —          —         34         —  
  (…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  in                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  G…                                                                                                               
  (…                                                                                                               
  on                                                                                                               
  c…                                                                                                               
  f…                                                                                                               
  h…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  F…                                                                                                               
  f…                                                                                                               
  e…                                                                                                               
  c…                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  of                                                                                                               
  g…                                                                                                               
  or                                                                                                               
  (…         -1         10          1          —          —          1         1…          4          —        -2  
  r…                                                                                                               
  f…                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  i…                                                                                                               
  i…                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  of                                                                                                               
  g…                                                                                                               
  or          3         1…         -…          —         -…         -3         -…         22          —         4  
  (…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  in                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  C…                                                                                                               
  c…                                                                                                               
  i…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  s…                                                                                                               
  c…                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  of                                                                                                               
  g…                                                                                                               
  or                                                                                                               
  (…          —          —          —         83          —          —          —          —         49         —  
  r…                                                                                                               
  f…                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  i…                                                                                                               
  i…                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
  of                                                                                                               
  g…                                                                                                               
  or         $—          —          —         5…          —          —          —          —        -2…         —  
  (…                                                                                                               
  r…                                                                                                               
  in                                                                                                               
  A…                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  10                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents
As of March 30, 2025, and December 29, 2024, the following amounts were recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet
related to cumulative basis adjustment for fair value hedges:
                                                                                                                   
                                                            Cumulative Amount                                      
  Line item in the                                          of Fair Value                                          
  Consolidated                                              Hedging Gain/                                          
  Balance Sheet in                       Carrying Amount    (Loss) Included                                        
  which the hedged                         of the Hedged    in the                                                 
  item is included                             Liability    Carrying Amount                                        
  (Dollars in                               December 29,    of the Hedged                            December 29,  
  Millions)           March 30, 2025                2024    Liability          March 30, 2025                2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Long-term Debt              $8,147               7,935                                 -889              -1,132  
                                                                                                                   
The following table is the effect of derivatives not designated as hedging instruments for the fiscal first
quarters ended 2025 and 2024:
                                                                                                                   
  (Dollars in                                                 Gain/(Loss)                                          
  Millions)           Location of                             Recognized In                                        
  Derivatives Not     Gain /(Loss)                            Income on                                            
  Designated as       Recognized in                           Derivative                                           
  Hedging             Income on                               Fiscal First                                         
  Instruments         Derivative                              Quarter Ended      March 30, 2025    March 31, 2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Foreign Exchange                       Other (income)                                     $62                25  
  Contracts                              expense                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
The following table is the effect of net investment hedges for the fiscal first quarters ended in 2025 and 2024:
                                                                                                                   
                                                           Location of                                             
                                                           Gain or                                                 
                                                           (Loss)         Gain/(Loss)                              
                Gain/(Loss)                                Reclassifi…    Reclassifi…                              
                Recognized                                 from           From                                     
  (Dollars      In                                         Accumulated    Accumulated                              
  in            Accumulated    March 30,      March 31,    OCI  Into      OCI          March 30,      March 31,    
  Millions)     OCI                 2025           2024    Income         Into Income  2025           2024         
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                           Interest                                                
  Debt                            $(316)             84    (income)                    —              —            
                                                           expense                                                 
  Cross                                                    Interest                                                
  Currency                          $840            728    (income)                    —              —            
  interest                                                 expense                                                 
  rate swaps                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q11                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents

The Company holds equity investments with readily determinable fair values and equity investments without readily
determinable fair values. The Company has elected to measure equity investments that do not have readily
determinable fair values at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price
changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer.
The following table is a summary of the activity related to equity investments:
                                                                                                                   
                     December 29,                                                                                  
                             2024                                                 March 30, 2025                   
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                     Changes in                                                                    
  (Dollars in            Carrying    Fair Value            -Sales)/               Carrying Value      Non Current  
  Millions)                 Value    Reflected in          Purchases/Ot…                             Other Assets  
                                     Net Income(1)                                                                 
  Equity                                                                                                           
  Investments                                                                                                      
  with readily               $451                   -36                   56                 471              471  
  determinable                                                                                                     
  value                                                                                                            
  Equity                                                                                                           
  Investments                                                                                                      
  without                    $773                   -27                   41                 787              787  
  readily                                                                                                          
  determinable                                                                                                     
  value                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
(1) Recorded in Other (income)/expense, net
(2) Other includes impact of currency
Fair value is the exit price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability. Fair value is
a market-based measurement determined using assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or
liability. In accordance with ASC 820, a three-level hierarchy was established to prioritize the inputs used in
measuring fair value. The levels within the hierarchy are described below with Level 1 inputs having the highest
priority and Level 3 inputs having the lowest.

The fair value of a derivative financial instrument (i.e., forward foreign exchange contracts, interest rate
contracts) is the aggregation by currency of all future cash flows discounted to its present value at the
prevailing market interest rates and subsequently converted to the U.S. Dollar at the current spot foreign exchange
rate. The Company does not believe that fair values of these derivative instruments materially differ from the
amounts that could be realized upon settlement or maturity, or that the changes in fair value will have a material
effect on the Company’s results of operations, cash flows or financial position. The Company also holds equity
investments which are classified as Level 1 and debt securities which are classified as Level 2. The Company holds
acquisition related contingent liabilities based upon certain regulatory and commercial events, which are
classified as Level 3, whose values are determined using discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques
for which the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimations.

The following three levels of inputs are used to measure fair value:

Level 1 — Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.

Level 2 — Significant other observable inputs.

Level 3 — Significant unobservable inputs.
                                                                                                                   
  12                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents
The Company’s significant financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of March 30, 2025 and December
29, 2024 were as follows:
                                                                                                                   
                               March 30, 2025                                            December 29, 2024         
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (Dollars in Millions)                        Level 1    Level 2    Level 3    Total    Total(1)                  
  Derivatives designated as                                                                                        
  hedging                                                                                                          
  instruments:                                                                                                     
  Assets:                                                                                                          
  Forward foreign exchange                          $—        389          —      389                         660  
  contracts                                                                                                        
  Interest rate                                      —      1,285          —    1,285                       1,484  
  contracts(2)                                                                                                     
  Total                                              —      1,674          —    1,674                       2,144  
  Liabilities:                                                                                                     
  Forward foreign exchange                           —        345          —      345                         794  
  contracts                                                                                                        
  Interest rate                                      —      3,415          —    3,415                       3,753  
  contracts(2)                                                                                                     
  Total                                              —      3,760          —    3,760                       4,547  
  Derivatives not                                                                                                  
  designated as hedging                                                                                            
  instruments:                                                                                                     
  Assets:                                                                                                          
  Forward foreign exchange                           —         37          —       37                          50  
  contracts                                                                                                        
  Liabilities:                                                                                                     
  Forward foreign exchange                           —         25          —       25                          17  
  contracts                                                                                                        
  Other Investments:                                                                                               
  Equity investments(3)                            471          —          —      471                         451  
  Debt securities(4)                                 —      8,448          —    8,448                       7,216  
  Other Liabilities:                                                                                               
  Contingent                                        $—          —      1,231    1,231                       1,217  
  consideration(5)                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                 
  Gross to Net Derivative Reconciliation    March 30, 2025    December 29, 2024  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (Dollars in Millions)                                                          
  Total Gross Assets                                $1,711                2,194  
  Credit Support Agreement (CSA)                    -1,700               -2,172  
  Total Net Asset                                       11                   22  
  Total Gross Liabilities                            3,785                4,564  
  Credit Support Agreement (CSA)                    -3,648               -4,412  
  Total Net Liabilities                               $137                  152  
                                                                                 
Summarized information about changes in liabilities for contingent consideration for the fiscal first quarters
ended March 30, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is as follows:
                                                                          
                                        March 30, 2025    March 31, 2024  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (Dollars in Millions)                                                   
  Beginning Balance                             $1,217             1,092  
  Changes in estimated fair value(6)                14                22  
  Additions                                          —                 —  
  Payments                                           —                 —  
  Ending Balance                                $1,231             1,114  
                                                                          
(1) 2024 assets and liabilities are all classified as Level 2 with the exception of equity investments of $
451million, which are classified as Level 1 and contingent consideration of $ 1,217million, classified as Level 3.
(2) Includes cross currency interest rate swaps and interest rate swaps.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q13                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents

(3) Classified as non-current other assets.

(4) Classified within cash equivalents and current marketable securities.

(5) Includes $ 1,181million and $ 1,217million classified as non-current other liabilities as of March 30, 2025 and
December 29, 2024, respectively. Includes $ 50million classified as current liabilities as of March 30, 2025.

(6) Ongoing fair value adjustment amounts are primarily recorded in Research and Development expense.
The Company's cash, cash equivalents and current marketable securities as of March 30, 2025 comprised:
                                                                                                                   
  (Dollars     Carrying             Unrealized        Estimated             Cash &                Current          
  in           Amount               Gain              Fair Value            Cash                  Marketable       
  Millions)                                                                 Equivalen…            Securities       
  Cash                    $3,059                 —                 3,059                 3,059                  —  
  U.S.                                                                                                             
  Gov't                        —                 —                     —                     —                  —  
  securiti…                                                                                                        
  Non-U.S.                                                                                                         
  sovereign                    —                 —                     —                     —                  —  
  securiti…                                                                                                        
  U.S.                                                                                                             
  reverse                  6,938                 —                 6,938                 6,938                  —  
  repurcha…                                                                                                        
  agreemen…                                                                                                        
  Corporate                                                                                                        
  debt                         —                 —                     —                     —                  —  
  securiti…                                                                                                        
  Money                                                                                                            
  market                  19,690                 —                19,690                19,690                  —  
  funds                                                                                                            
  Time                       646                 —                   646                   646                  —  
  deposits…                                                                                                        
  Subtotal                30,333                 —                30,333                30,333                  —  
  U.S.                                                                                                             
  Gov’t                    8,032                 1                 8,033                 8,020                 13  
  securiti…                                                                                                        
  U.S.                                                                                                             
  Gov’t                        —                 —                     —                     —                  —  
  Agencies                                                                                                         
  Other                                                                                                            
  sovereign                  180                 —                   180                    64                116  
  securiti…                                                                                                        
  Corporate                                                                                                        
  debt                       235                 —                   235                    57                178  
  securiti…                                                                                                        
  Subtotal                                                                                                         
  available               $8,447                 1                 8,448                 8,141                307  
  for sale                                                                                                         
  debt(2)                                                                                                          
  Total                                                                                                            
  cash,                                                                                                            
  cash                                                                                                             
  equivale…              $38,780                 1                38,781                38,474                307  
  and                                                                                                              
  current                                                                                                          
  marketab…                                                                                                        
  securiti…                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
(1) Held to maturity investments are reported at amortized cost and gains or losses are reported in earnings.
(2) Available for sale debt securities are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reported net of
taxes in other comprehensive income.
As of the fiscal year ended December 29, 2024, the carrying amount of cash, cash equivalents and current marketable
securities was approximately the same as the estimated fair value.

Fair value of government securities and obligations and corporate debt securities was estimated using quoted broker
prices and significant other observable inputs.
The Company classifies all highly liquid investments with stated maturities of three months or less from date of
purchase as cash equivalents and all highly liquid investments with stated maturities of greater than three months
from the date of purchase as current marketable securities. Available for sale securities with stated maturities of
greater than one year from the date of purchase are available to fund current operations and are classified as
current marketable securities.
The contractual maturities of the available for sale securities as of March 30, 2025 are as follows:
                                                                      
  (Dollars in Millions)                     Cost Basis    Fair Value  
  Due within one year                           $8,428         8,429  
  Due after one year through five years             19            19  
  Due after five years through ten years             —             —  
  Total debt securities                         $8,447         8,448  
                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
  14                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents
Financial instruments not measured at fair value
The following financial liabilities are held at carrying amount on the consolidated balance sheet as of March 30,
2025:
                                                                                       
  (Dollars in Millions)                       Carrying              Estimated          
                                                Amount             Fair Value          
  Financial Liabilities                                                                
  Current Debt                                          $13,897                13,855  
  Non-Current Debt                                                                     
  2.95% Notes due 2027                                      950                   980  
  0.95% Notes due 2027                                    1,479                 1,395  
  4.50% Notes due 2027(1)                                   749                   757  
  2.90% Notes due 2028                                    1,498                 1,452  
  1.150% Notes due 2028 (750MM Euro1.0784)                  806                   772  
  4.55% Notes due 2028(1)                                   748                   758  
  4.80% Notes due 2029                                    1,146                 1,175  
  6.95% Notes due 2029                                      299                   334  
  2.70% Notes due 2029 (600MM                               646                   648  
  Euro1.0784)(1)                                                                       
  1.30% Notes due 2030                                    1,672                 1,499  
  4.70% Notes due 2030(1)                                   995                 1,017  
  4.90% Notes due 2031                                    1,146                 1,178  
  3.20% Notes due 2032 (700MM Euro1.0784)                   752                   762  
  4.85% Notes due 2032(1)                                 1,242                 1,268  
  4.95% Notes due 2033                                      499                   514  
  4.375% Notes due 2033                                     854                   838  
  3.050% Notes due 2033 (700MM                              752                   749  
  Euro1.0784)(1)                                                                       
  4.95% Notes due 2034                                      846                   870  
  1.650% Notes due 2035 (1.5B Euro1.0784)                 1,607                 1,393  
  5.00% Notes due 2035(1)                        1,243                  1,270          
  3.35% Notes due 2036 (800MM Euro1.0784)                   858                   849  
  3.587% Notes due 2036                                     897                   894  
  5.95% Notes due 2037                                      994                 1,094  
  3.625% Notes due 2037                                   1,387                 1,333  
  3.350% Notes due 2037 (1.0B                             1,075                 1,058  
  Euro1.0784)(1)                                                                       
  3.40% Notes due 2038                                      993                   855  
  5.85% Notes due 2038                                      697                   760  
  4.50% Notes due 2040                                      542                   524  
  2.10% Notes due 2040                                      874                   689  
  4.85% Notes due 2041                                      298                   293  
  4.50% Notes due 2043                                      496                   464  
  3.55% Notes due 2044 (1.0B Euro1.0784)                  1,068                 1,037  
  3.60% Notes due 2045 (700MM                               749                   723  
  Euro1.0784)(1)                                                                       
  3.73% Notes due 2046                                    1,979                 1,604  
  3.75% Notes due 2047                                      852                   802  
  3.50% Notes due 2048                                      744                   569  
  2.25% Notes due 2050                                      837                   582  
  5.25% Notes due 2054                                      843                   850  
                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q15                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents
                                                   
  3.70% Notes due 2055 (1.0B      1,072     1,020  
  Euro1.0784)(1)                                   
  2.45% Notes due 2060            1,088       694  
  Other                              83        83  
  Total Non-Current Debt        $38,355    36,406  
                                                   
(1) In the fiscal first quarter of 2025, the Company issued senior unsecured notes for approximately $ 9.2billion.
The net proceeds from this offering were used to fund the Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc. acquisition which closed
on April 2, 2025, and for general corporate purposes.

The weighted average effective interest rate on non-current debt is 3.58%.

The excess of the carrying value over the estimated fair value of debt was $ 2.0billion at December 29, 2024.

Fair value of the non-current debt was estimated using market prices, which were corroborated by quoted broker
prices and significant other observable inputs.

The current debt balance as of March 30, 2025, includes $ 10.9billion of commercial paper which has a weighted
average interest rate of 4.28% and a weighted average maturity of approximately two months.
                                                                                                                   
  Note 5 — Income taxes                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
The worldwide effective income tax rates for the fiscal first quarter of 2025 and 2024 were 19.3% and 12.4%,
respectively. The increase in the consolidated tax rate is primarily due to more income in higher tax
jurisdictions, specifically in the U.S. In the fiscal first quarter of 2025 the Company reversed approximately $
7.0billion, a significant portion of the previously accrued talc reserve versus a charge of $ 2.7billion recorded
in the fiscal first quarter of 2024 for the talc settlement proposal. Both charges were recorded at an effective
U.S. federal and state tax rate of approximately 22% (for further information see Note 11 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements).

As of March 30, 2025, the Company had approximately $ 2.1billion of liabilities from unrecognized tax benefits. The
Company conducts business and files tax returns in numerous countries and currently has tax audits in progress in a
number of jurisdictions. With respect to the United States, the Internal Revenue Service has completed its audit
for the tax years through 2016 and has commenced the audit for tax years 2017 through 2020.

In other major jurisdictions where the Company conducts business, the years that remain open to tax audit go back
to the year 2013. The Company believes it is possible that tax audits may be completed over the next twelve months
by taxing authorities in some jurisdictions outside of the United States.
                                                                                                                   
  16                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Note 6 — Pensions and other benefit plans                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
Components of net periodic benefit cost
Net periodic benefit costs for the Company’s defined benefit retirement plans and other benefit plans include the
following components:
                                                                                                                   
                        Fiscal First                                                                               
                        Quarter Ended                                                                              
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                         Retirement Plans                           Other Benefit  
                                                                                                            Plans  
  (Dollars in                          March 30, 2025      March 31, 2024    March 30, 2025        March 31, 2024  
  Millions)                                                                                                        
  Service cost                                   $214                 224                72                    69  
  Interest cost                                   351                 352                54                    52  
  Expected return on                             -587                -642                -2                    -2  
  plan assets                                                                                                      
  Amortization of                                                                                                  
  prior service                                   -46                 -46                 —                     —  
  cost/(credit)                                                                                                    
  Recognized                                                                                                       
  actuarial                                        83                  43                16                    13  
  (gains)/losses                                                                                                   
  Net periodic                                                                                                     
  benefit                                         $15                 -69               140                   132  
  cost/(credit)                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
The service cost component of net periodic benefit cost is presented in the same line items on the Consolidated
Statement of Earnings where other employee compensation costs are reported, including Cost of products sold,
Research and development expense, and Selling, marketing and administrative expenses. All other components of net
periodic benefit cost are presented as part of Other (income) expense, net on the Consolidated Statement of
Earnings.

Company contributions

For the fiscal three months ended March 30, 2025, the Company contributed $ 34million and $ 4million to its U.S.
and international retirement plans, respectively. The Company plans to continue to fund its U.S. defined benefit
plans to comply with the Pension Protection Act of 2006. International plans are funded in accordance with local
regulations.
                                                                                                                   
  Note 7 — Accumulated other comprehensive income                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
Components of other comprehensive income/(loss) consist of the following:
                                                                                                                   
                                                                              Gain/            Total               
  (Dollars    Foreign                Gain/           Employee             (Loss) On            Accumula…           
  in          Currency               (Loss) On       Benefit             Derivativ…            Other               
  Million…    Translat…              Securiti…       Plans                 & Hedges            Comprehe…           
                                                                                               Income/(…           
  December               $(8,441)               1              -1,551                -1,750               -11,741  
  29, 2024                                                                                                         
  Net                        -575               0                  42                   534                     1  
  change                                                                                                           
  March                    -9,016               1              -1,509        -1,216                       -11,740  
  30, 2025                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
Amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income are presented net of the related tax impact. Foreign currency
translation is not adjusted for income taxes where it relates to permanent investments in international
subsidiaries. For additional details on comprehensive income see the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income.

Details on reclassifications out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income:

Gain/(Loss) On Securities - reclassifications released to Other (income) expense, net.

Employee Benefit Plans - reclassifications are included in net periodic benefit cost. See Note 6 for additional
details.

Gain/(Loss) On Derivatives & Hedges - reclassifications to earnings are recorded in the same account as the
underlying transaction. See Note 4 for additional details.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q17                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Note 8 — Earnings per share                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
The following is a reconciliation of basic net earnings per share to diluted net earnings per share:
                                                                                                      
                                              Fiscal First Quarter                                    
  (Shares in Millions)                        Ended                 March 30, 2025    March 31, 2024  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Basic net earnings per share                                               $4.57              1.35  
  Average shares outstanding — basic                                       2,407.2           2,408.2  
  Potential shares exercisable under stock                                    69.0              87.6  
  option plans                                                                                        
  Less: shares which could be repurchased                                    -52.4             -65.7  
  under treasury stock method                                                                         
  Average shares outstanding — diluted                                     2,423.8           2,430.1  
  Diluted net earnings per share                                             $4.54              1.34  
  (Shares in Millions)                                                                                
  The diluted net earnings per share                                                                  
  calculation excluded the following                                                                  
  number of shares related to stock                                           60.9              44.2  
  options, as the exercise price of these                                                             
  options was greater than the average                                                                
  market value of the Company’s stock.                                                                
                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
  18                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents
                                                                                                                   
   Note 9 — Segments of business and geographic areas                                                              
                                                                                                                   
The Company is organized into twobusiness segments: Innovative Medicine and MedTech.

The Company’s chief operating decision maker (CODM) is the Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer).
For the Innovative Medicine and MedTech segments, the CODM uses segment income before tax to allocate resources
(including employees, financial, and capital resources) for each segment predominantly in the annual forecasting
process. The CODM considers planning-to-actual variances on a quarterly basis to assess performance and make
decisions about allocating resources to the segments.

Sales by segment of business
                                                                                         
                             Fiscal First  March 30,        March 31,           Percent  
  (Dollars in Millions)     Quarter Ended       2025             2024           Change   
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  INNOVATIVE MEDICINE                                                                    
  Oncology                                                                               
  U.S.                                        $3,013            2,383     26.4  %        
  International                                2,664            2,430      9.6           
  Worldwide                                    5,678            4,814     17.9           
  CARVYKTI                                                                               
  U.S.                                           318              140           *        
  International                                   51               16           *        
  Worldwide                                      369              157           *        
  DARZALEX                                                                               
  U.S.                                         1,829            1,464     24.9           
  International                                1,409            1,228     14.7           
  Worldwide                                    3,237            2,692     20.3           
  ERLEADA                                                                                
  U.S.                                           292              285      2.5           
  International                                  479              404     18.5           
  Worldwide                                      771              689     11.9           
  IMBRUVICA                                                                              
  U.S.                                           235              265    -11.5           
  International                                  474              518     -8.5           
  Worldwide                                      709              784     -9.5           
  RYBREVANT/ LAZCLUZE(1)                                                                 
  U.S.                                           113               36           *        
  International                                   28               11           *        
  Worldwide                                      141               47           *        
  TALVEY(1)                                                                              
  U.S.                                 68               50                35.2           
  International                        18                8                      *        
  Worldwide                            86               58                48.4           
  TECVAYLI                                                                               
  U.S.                                           105              101      4.9           
  International                                   46               33     38.8           
  Worldwide                                      151              133     13.3           
                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q19                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents
                                                                                         
                                Fiscal First   March 30,    March 31,           Percent  
  (Dollars in Millions)         Quarter Ended       2025         2024           Change   
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  ZYTIGA/abiraterone acetate                                                             
  U.S.                                                 7            9    -24.3           
  International                                      118          172    -31.3           
  Worldwide                                          125          181    -30.9           
  OTHER ONCOLOGY                                                                         
  U.S.                                                47           33     42.9           
  International                                       42           41      4.6           
  Worldwide                                           89           73     21.7           
  Immunology                                                                             
  U.S.                                             2,196        2,453    -10.5           
  International                                    1,510        1,794    -15.8           
  Worldwide                                        3,707        4,247    -12.7           
  REMICADE                                                                               
  U.S.                                               314          266     18.1           
  U.S. Exports                                        10           27    -64.2           
  International                                      143          141      1.3           
  Worldwide                                          467          434      7.5           
  SIMPONI / SIMPONI ARIA                                                                 
  U.S.                                               292          254     14.8           
  International                                      366          299     22.4           
  Worldwide                                          659          554     18.9           
  STELARA                                                                                
  U.S.                                               981        1,396    -29.8           
  International                                      644        1,055    -38.9           
  Worldwide                                        1,625        2,451    -33.7           
  TREMFYA                                                                                
  U.S.                                               599          509     17.6           
  International                                      356          299     19.2           
  Worldwide                                          956          808     18.2           
  OTHER IMMUNOLOGY                                                                       
  U.S.                                                 1            0           *        
  International                                        0            0        —           
  Worldwide                                            1            0           *        
                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
  20                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents
                                                                                                 
                                        Fiscal First   March 30,    March 31,           Percent  
  (Dollars in Millions)                 Quarter Ended       2025         2024           Change   
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Neuroscience                                                                                   
  U.S.                                                       968        1,054     -8.1           
  International                                              679          749     -9.3           
  Worldwide                                                1,647        1,803     -8.6           
  CONCERTA / methylphenidate                                                                     
  U.S.                                                        38           41     -7.4           
  International                                              110          136    -18.9           
  Worldwide                                                  148          177    -16.3           
  INVEGA SUSTENNA / XEPLION / INVEGA                                                             
  TRINZA / TREVICTA                                                                              
  U.S.                                                       625          765    -18.2           
  International                                              277          292     -4.9           
  Worldwide                                                  903        1,056    -14.5           
  SPRAVATO                                                                                       
  U.S.                                                       276          191     45.0           
  International                                               43           34     25.0           
  Worldwide                                                  320          225     41.9           
  OTHER NEUROSCIENCE                                                                             
  U.S.                                                        28           58    -50.6           
  International                                              248          287    -13.4           
  Worldwide                                                  277          345    -19.6           
  Pulmonary Hypertension                                                                         
  U.S.                                                       744          766     -2.9           
  International                                              281          283     -0.6           
  Worldwide                                                1,025        1,049     -2.3           
  OPSUMIT/OPSYNVI(2)                                                                             
  U.S.                                                       363          356      2.1           
  International                                              159          169     -6.0           
  Worldwide                                                  522          524     -0.5           
  UPTRAVI                                                                                        
  U.S.                                                       365          392     -6.9           
  International                                               86           76     13.4           
  Worldwide                                                  451          468     -3.6           
  OTHER PULMONARY HYPERTENSION(2)                                                                
  U.S.                                                        15           18    -12.7           
  International                                               37           39     -4.6           
  Worldwide                                                   52           56     -7.2           
  Infectious Diseases                                                                            
  U.S.                                                       315          324     -2.8           
  International                                              487          497     -1.9           
  Worldwide                                                  802          821     -2.2           
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q21                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents
                                                                                                  
                                         Fiscal First   March 30,    March 31,           Percent  
  (Dollars in Millions)                  Quarter Ended       2025         2024           Change   
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  EDURANT / rilpivirine                                                                           
  U.S.                                                          8            8     -1.3           
  International                                               350          315     11.0           
  Worldwide                                                   358          323     10.7           
  PREZISTA / PREZCOBIX / REZOLSTA /                                                               
  SYMTUZA                                                                                         
  U.S.                                                        305          314     -2.9           
  International                                                98          104     -6.2           
  Worldwide                                                   403          418     -3.7           
  OTHER INFECTIOUS DISEASES(3)                                                                    
  U.S.                                                          2            2      7.7           
  International                                                39           77    -48.8           
  Worldwide                                                    41           78    -47.6           
  Cardiovascular / Metabolism / Other                                                             
  U.S.                                                        855          631     35.4           
  International                                               158          197    -19.7           
  Worldwide                                                 1,013          829     22.3           
  XARELTO                                                                                         
  U.S.                                                        690          518     33.3           
  International                                                 —            —        —           
  Worldwide                                                   690          518     33.3           
  OTHER                                                                                           
  U.S.                                                        165          114     45.0           
  International                                               158          197    -19.7           
  Worldwide                                                   323          311      3.9           
  TOTAL INNOVATIVE MEDICINE                                                                       
  U.S.                                                      8,092        7,612      6.3           
  International                                             5,781        5,950     -2.9           
  Worldwide                                                13,873       13,562      2.3           
  MEDTECH                                                                                         
  Cardiovascular                                                                                  
  U.S.                                                      1,261        1,025     23.0           
  International                                               842          781      7.8           
  Worldwide                                                 2,103        1,806     16.4           
  ELECTROPHYSIOLOGY                                                                               
  U.S.                                                        684          692     -1.1           
  International                                               638          652     -2.0           
  Worldwide                                                 1,323        1,344     -1.6           
  ABIOMED                                                                                         
  U.S.                                                        339          303     11.9           
  International                                                81           67     19.7           
  Worldwide                                                   420          371     13.3           
                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
  22                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents
                                                                                           
                           Fiscal First Quarter  March 30,    March 31,           Percent  
  (Dollars in Millions)    Ended                      2025         2024           Change   
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  SHOCKWAVE                                                                                
  U.S.                                                 206            —           *        
  International                                         52            —           *        
  Worldwide                                            258            —           *        
  OTHER CARDIOVASCULAR                                                                     
  U.S.                                                  32           30      7.1           
  International                                         72           62     15.1           
  Worldwide                                            103           92     12.5           
  Orthopaedics                                                                             
  U.S.                                               1,384        1,448     -4.4           
  International                                        857          892     -3.9           
  Worldwide                                          2,241        2,340     -4.2           
  HIPS                                                                                     
  U.S.                                                 263          270     -2.5           
  International                                        146          152     -4.0           
  Worldwide                                            409          422     -3.1           
  KNEES                                                                                    
  U.S.                                                 231          242     -4.3           
  International                                        158          160     -1.0           
  Worldwide                                            389          401     -3.0           
  TRAUMA                                                                                   
  U.S.                                                 502          504     -0.5           
  International                                        270          261      3.7           
  Worldwide                                            772          765      0.9           
  SPINE, SPORTS & OTHER                                                                    
  U.S.                                                 388          432    -10.2           
  International                                        283          320    -11.6           
  Worldwide                                            671          752    -10.8           
  Surgery                                                                                  
  U.S.                                               1,002          987      1.5           
  International                                      1,394        1,429     -2.5           
  Worldwide                                          2,396        2,416     -0.8           
  ADVANCED                                                                                 
  U.S.                                                 457          446      2.7           
  International                                        616          641     -4.0           
  Worldwide                                          1,073        1,087     -1.2           
  GENERAL                                                                                  
  U.S.                                                 544          542      0.5           
  International                                        778          788     -1.2           
  Worldwide                                          1,323        1,330     -0.5           
                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q23                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents
                                                                                           
                            Fiscal First Quarter  March 30,    March 31,          Percent  
  (Dollars in Millions)     Ended                      2025         2024          Change   
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Vision                                                                                   
  U.S.                                                  566          547     3.4           
  International                                         713          710     0.4           
  Worldwide                                           1,279        1,258     1.7           
  CONTACT LENSES / OTHER                                                                   
  U.S.                                                  452          438     3.1           
  International                                         467          472    -1.1           
  Worldwide                                             919          910     1.0           
  SURGICAL                                                                                 
  U.S.                                                  114          110     4.3           
  International                                         246          238     3.4           
  Worldwide                                             361          348     3.7           
  TOTAL MEDTECH                                                                            
  U.S.                                                4,213        4,008     5.1           
  International                                       3,807        3,813    -0.2           
  Worldwide                                           8,020        7,821     2.5           
  WORLDWIDE                                                                                
  U.S.                                               12,305       11,620     5.9           
  International                                       9,588        9,763    -1.8           
  Worldwide                                         $21,893       21,383     2.4  %        
                                                                                           
* Percentage greater than 100% or not meaningful

(1) Previously in Other Oncology

(2) Opsynvi was previously in Other Pulmonary Hypertension

(3) Includes the Covid-19 Vaccine in 2024

Segment income before tax
                                                                                                                   
                   Fiscal                                                                                          
          (Dolla…  First      March                                            March                               
          in       Quarter      30,                                              31,                               
          Millio…  Ended       2025                                             2024                               
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                   Innova…             MedTec…             Total    Innova…             MedTech…            Total  
                   Medici…                                          Medici…                                        
  Sales                                                                                                            
  to                        $13,873             8,020                         13,562              7,821            
  custo…                                                                                                           
  Cost                                                                                                             
  of                          4,020             3,326                          3,370              3,120            
  produ…                                                                                                           
  sold                                                                                                             
  Selli…                                                                                                           
  marke…                      2,261             2,656                          2,438              2,582            
  and                                                                                                              
  admin…                                                                                                           
  Resea…                                                                                                           
  and                         2,548               677                          2,896                646            
  devel…                                                                                                           
  expen…                                                                                                           
  Other                                                                                                            
  segme…                       -166               -60                           -111                -47            
  items…                                                                                                           
  Segme…                                                                                                           
  income                     $5,210             1,421      6,631               4,969              1,520     6,489  
  before                                                                                                           
  tax                                                                                                              
  (Inco…                                                                                                           
  Expen…                                                                                                           
  not                                                     -7,000                                            2,775  
  alloc…                                                                                                           
  to                                                                                                               
  segme…                                                                                                           
  Earni…                                                                                                           
  before                                                                                                           
  provi…                                                                                                           
  for                                                    $13,631                                           $3,714  
  taxes                                                                                                            
  on                                                                                                               
  income                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  24                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents

(1) Innovative Medicine includes:

• Intangible amortization expense of $ 0.6billion and $ 0.7billion in the fiscal first quarter of 2025 and 2024,
respectively.

• A restructuring related charge of $ 0.1billion in the fiscal first quarter of 2024. Refer to Note 12 for
additional details.

(2) MedTech includes:

• Intangible amortization expense of $ 0.5billion and $ 0.4billion in the fiscal first quarter of 2025 and 2024,
respectively.

• Acquisition and integration related expense of $ 0.1billion in both the fiscal first quarters of 2025 and 2024
primarily driven by the Shockwave acquisition in fiscal 2025 and Abiomed in fiscal 2024.

• A restructuring related charge of $ 0.1billion in the fiscal first quarter of 2025.

(3) Other segment expenses for each reportable segment include charges related to other income and expenses,
restructuring activities and impairment charges related to in-process research and development.

(4) Amounts not allocated to segments include interest (income)/expense and general corporate (income)/expense. The
fiscal first quarter of 2025 includes the reversal of approximately $ 7.0billion, a significant portion of the
previously accrued talc reserve. The fiscal first quarter of 2024 includes charges for talc matters of $
2.7billion. For additional details related to talc refer to Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                                                                     
  (Dollars in Millions)    Identifiable Assets  March 30, 2025    December 29, 2024  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Innovative Medicine                                  $58,727               57,070  
  MedTech                                               85,111               84,322  
  Total                                                143,838              141,392  
  General corporate(1)                                  49,833               38,712  
  Worldwide total                                     $193,671              180,104  
                                                                                     
(1) General corporate includes cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and other corporate assets.
                                                                                                                   
                  Additions to                                                                                     
                  Property,                                        Depreciation                                    
  (Dollars in     Plant &            March 30,        March 31,    and                                  March 31,  
  Millions)       Equipment               2025             2024    Amortization   March 30, 2025             2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Innovative                              $276              232                             $884            1,011  
  Medicine                                                                                                         
  MedTech                                  480              493                              836              746  
  Segments                                 756              725                            1,720            1,757  
  total                                                                                                            
  General                                   39               82                               52               58  
  corporate                                                                                                        
  Worldwide                               $795              807                           $1,772            1,815  
  total                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
Sales by geographic area
                                                                                                          
                                        Fiscal First                                             Percent  
  (Dollars in Millions)                 Quarter Ended  March 30, 2025    March 31, 2024          Change   
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  United States                                               $12,305            11,620     5.9  %        
  Europe                                                        5,110             5,163    -1.0           
  Western Hemisphere, excluding U.S.                            1,167             1,194    -2.3           
  Asia-Pacific, Africa                                          3,311             3,406    -2.8           
  Total                                                       $21,893            21,383     2.4  %        
                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q25                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Note 10 — Acquisitions and divestitures                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
Subsequent to the fiscal first quarter of 2025, on April 2, 2025, the Company completed the acquisition of Intra-
Cellular Therapies, Inc. (Intra-Cellular), a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and
commercialization of therapeutics for central nervous system disorders. The Company acquired all the outstanding
shares of Intra-Cellular’s common stock for $ 132.00per share in cash for a total equity value of approximately $
14.6billion. The Company funded the transaction through a combination of cash on hand and proceeds from the
issuance of debt in the fiscal first quarter of 2025. See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional details.

The Company is in the process of determining the preliminary fair value of assets acquired which will primarily be
comprised of amortizable intangible assets and in-process research and development assets associated with CAPLYTA,
liabilities assumed and total consideration transferred. This transaction will be accounted for as a business
combination and the results of operations will be included in the Innovative Medicine segment beginning on the
acquisition date.

Business combinations

In the fiscal first quarter of 2025, there were no material business combinations.

On June 20, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Proteologix, Inc., a privately held biotechnology
company focused on bispecific antibodies for immune-mediated diseases, in an all-cash merger transaction for total
consideration of $ 0.8billion net of cash acquired, with potential for an additional milestone payment. The results
of operations were included in the Innovative Medicine segment as of the acquisition date. The fair value of the
acquisition was allocated to assets acquired of $ 1.2billion, primarily non-amortizable intangible assets,
inclusive of purchased IPR&D, for $ 0.9billion, goodwill for $ 0.3billion, and liabilities assumed of $ 0.3billion,
including $ 0.1billion of contingent consideration. The goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes.
Acquisition related costs before tax for the fiscal first quarter of 2025 were notmaterial. The preliminary
purchase price allocation is subject to any subsequent valuation adjustments within the measurement period.

On May 31, 2024, the Company acquired all the outstanding shares of Shockwave Medical Inc. a leading, first-to-
market provider of innovative intravascular lithotripsy (IVL) technology for the treatment of calcified coronary
artery disease (CAD) and peripheral artery disease (PAD), in an all-cash merger transaction for total consideration
of $ 11.5billion, net of cash acquired. The results of operations were included in the MedTech segment as of the
acquisition date. The fair value of the acquisition was allocated to assets acquired of $ 14.4billion primarily
amortizable intangible assets of $ 5.3billion, purchased IPR&D of $ 0.6billion, goodwill for $ 7.6billion, $
0.5billion of inventory and $ 0.4billion of other assets, and liabilities assumed of $ 2.9billion. The goodwill is
not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The preliminary purchase price allocation is subject to any
subsequent valuation adjustments within the measurement period. Acquisition related costs before tax for the fiscal
first quarter of 2025 were $ 0.1billion, primarily related to the fair value of the inventory step-up and were
recorded in Cost of products sold.

On March 7, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Ambrx Biopharma, Inc., (Ambrx), a clinical-stage
biopharmaceutical company with a proprietary synthetic biology technology platform to design and develop next-
generation antibody drug conjugates (ADCs), in an all-cash merger transaction for a total consideration of
approximately $ 1.8billion net of cash acquired. The results of operations were included in the Innovative Medicine
segment as of the acquisition date. The fair value of the acquisition was allocated to assets acquired of $
2.3billion, primarily non-amortizable intangible assets, inclusive of purchased IPR&D, for $ 1.9billion, goodwill
for $ 0.3billion and liabilities assumed of $ 0.5billion, which includes deferred taxes of $ 0.4billion. The
goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. Acquisition related costs before tax for the fiscal first quarter of
2025 were notmaterial.

Asset acquisitions

In the fiscal first quarters of 2025 and 2024, there were no material asset acquisitions.

Divestitures

In the fiscal first quarter of 2025, there were no material divestitures.

In the fiscal first quarter of 2024, the Company completed the divestiture of Ponvory outside of the U.S. resulting
in approximately $ 0.2billion in proceeds.
                                                                                                                   
  26                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Note 11 — Legal proceedings                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Johnson & Johnson and certain of its subsidiaries are involved in various lawsuits and claims regarding product
liability; intellectual property; commercial; indemnification and other matters; governmental investigations; and
other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of their business.

The Company records accruals for loss contingencies associated with these legal matters when it is probable that a
liability will be incurred, and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. As of March 30, 2025, the
Company has determined that the liabilities associated with certain litigation matters are probable and can be
reasonably estimated. The Company has accrued for these matters and will continue to monitor each related legal
issue and adjust accruals as might be warranted based on new information and further developments in accordance
with ASC 450-20-25. For these and other litigation and regulatory matters discussed below for which a loss is
probable or reasonably possible, the Company is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss beyond the
amounts accrued. Amounts accrued for legal contingencies often result from a complex series of judgments about
future events and uncertainties that rely heavily on estimates and assumptions including timing of related
payments. The ability to make such estimates and judgments can be affected by various factors including, among
other things, whether damages sought in the proceedings are unsubstantiated or indeterminate; scientific and legal
discovery has not commenced or is not complete; proceedings are in early stages; matters present legal
uncertainties; there are significant facts in dispute; procedural or jurisdictional issues; the uncertainty and
unpredictability of the number of potential claims; ability to achieve comprehensive multi-party settlements;
complexity of related cross-claims and counterclaims; and/or there are numerous parties involved. To the extent
adverse awards, judgments or verdicts have been rendered against the Company, the Company does not record an
accrual until a loss is determined to be probable and can be reasonably estimated.

In the Company’s opinion, based on its examination of these matters, its experience to date and discussions with
counsel, the ultimate outcome of legal proceedings, net of liabilities accrued in the Company’s balance sheet, is
not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position. However, the resolution of, or
increase in accruals for, one or more of these matters in any reporting period may have a material adverse effect
on the Company’s results of operations and cash flows for that period.

Matters concerning talc

A significant number of personal injury claims alleging that talc causes cancer have been asserted against the
Company and its affiliates arising out of the use of body powders containing talc, primarily JOHNSON’S Baby Powder.

In talc cases that have gone to trial, the Company has obtained a number of defense verdicts, but there also have
been verdicts against the Company, many of which have been reversed on appeal. In June 2020, the Missouri Court of
Appeals reversed in part and affirmed in part a July 2018 verdict of $ 4.7billion in Ingham v. Johnson & Johnson,
et al., No. ED 207476 (Mo. App.), reducing the overall award to $ 2.1billion. An application for transfer of the
case to the Missouri Supreme Court was subsequently denied, and in June 2021, a petition for certiorari, seeking a
review of the Ingham decision by the United States Supreme Court, was denied. In June 2021, the Company paid the
award, which, including interest, totaled approximately $ 2.5billion. The facts and circumstances, including the
terms of the award, were unique to the Ingham decision and not representative of other claims brought against the
Company. The Company continues to believe that it has strong legal grounds to contest the other talc verdicts that
it has appealed. Notwithstanding the Company’s confidence in the safety of its talc products, in certain
circumstances the Company has settled cases.

In June 2014, the Mississippi Attorney General filed a complaint against the Company alleging violation of the
Mississippi Consumer Protection Act by failing to disclose alleged health risks associated with female consumers’
use of talc contained in JOHNSON’S Baby Powder and JOHNSON’S Shower to Shower (a product divested in 2012). The
Company has reached an agreement to resolve this matter.

In January 2020, the State of New Mexico filed a consumer protection case alleging that the Company deceptively
marketed and sold its talcum powder products by making misrepresentations about the safety of the products and the
presence of carcinogens, including asbestos. The Company has reached an agreement to resolve this matter.

Forty-two states and the District of Columbia commenced a joint investigation into the Company’s marketing of its
talcum powder products. In January 2024, the Company reached an agreement in principle with the multi-state group
of state Attorneys General, subject to ongoing negotiation of non-monetary terms. In June 2024, the settlements
were finalized.

In October 2021, Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. (Old JJCI) implemented a corporate restructuring (the 2021
Corporate Restructuring). As a result of that restructuring, Old JJCI ceased to exist and three new entities were
created: (a) LTL Management LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company (LTL or Debtor); (b) Royalty A&M LLC, a
North Carolina limited liability company and a direct subsidiary of LTL (RAM); and (c) the Debtor’s direct parent,
Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc., a New Jersey company (New JJCI). The Debtor received certain of Old JJCI’s assets
and became solely responsible for the talc-related liabilities of Old
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q27                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents

JJCI, including all liabilities related in any way to injury or damage, or alleged injury or damage, sustained or
incurred in the purchase or use of, or exposure to, talc, including talc contained in any product, or to the risk
of, or responsibility for, any such damage or injury, except for any liabilities for which the exclusive remedy is
provided under a workers’ compensation statute or act (the Talc-Related Liabilities).

In October 2021, notwithstanding the Company’s confidence in the safety of its talc products, the Debtor filed a
voluntary petition with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Western District of North Carolina, Charlotte
Division, seeking relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (the LTL Bankruptcy Case). All litigation against
LTL, Old JJCI, New JJCI, the Company, other of their corporate affiliates, identified retailers, insurance
companies, and certain other parties (the Protected Parties) was stayed. The LTL Bankruptcy Case was transferred to
the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Jersey. Claimants filed motions to dismiss the LTL
Bankruptcy Case and, following a multiple day hearing, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court denied those motions in
March 2022.

The claimants subsequently filed notices of appeal as to the denial of the motions to dismiss the LTL Bankruptcy
Case and the extension of the stay to the Protected Parties. On January 30, 2023, the Third Circuit reversed the
Bankruptcy Court’s ruling and remanded to the Bankruptcy Court to dismiss the LTL Bankruptcy Case.

In April 2023, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court dismissed the LTL Bankruptcy Case, effectively lifting the stay as
to all parties and returning the talc litigation to the tort system. LTL re-filed in the United States Bankruptcy
Court for the District of New Jersey seeking relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (the LTL 2 Bankruptcy
Case). As a result of the new filing, all talc claims against LTL were again automatically stayed pursuant to
section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code. Additionally, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court issued a temporary restraining
order staying all litigation as to LTL, Old JJCI, New JJCI, the Company, identified retailers, and certain other
parties (the New Protected Parties).

Also in April 2023, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court issued a decision that granted limited injunctive relief to the
Company and the New Protected Parties (the LTL 2 Preliminary Injunction). The LTL 2 Preliminary Injunction remained
in force until late August 2023, following the Bankruptcy Court’s extension of the initial LTL 2 Preliminary
Injunction in June 2023. Under the LTL 2 Preliminary Injunction, except for those cases filed in the federal court
ovarian cancer multi-district litigation, discovery in all personal injury and wrongful death matters was permitted
to proceed.

Furthermore, in April 2023, the Talc Claimants' Committee filed a motion to dismiss the LTL 2 Bankruptcy Case
followed by similar motions from other claimants. Hearings on the motions to dismiss occurred in June 2023. In July
2023, the court dismissed the LTL 2 Bankruptcy Case and, the same day, the Company stated its intent to appeal the
decision and to continue its efforts to obtain a resolution of the talc claims. In September 2023, the Bankruptcy
Court entered an order granting LTL leave to seek a direct appeal to the Third Circuit Court of Appeals. In October
2023, the Third Circuit granted LTL’s petition for a direct appeal. In July 2024, the Third Circuit issued a non-
precedential opinion affirming the Bankruptcy Court's decision to dismiss the LTL 2 Bankruptcy Case.

In October 2023, the Company stated that it was pursuing the following four parallel and alternative pathways to
achieve a comprehensive and final resolution of the talc claims: (i) the appeal of the LTL 2 dismissal decision;
(ii) pursuing a consensual “prepackaged” bankruptcy case, as “strongly encouraged” by the Bankruptcy Court in its
dismissal decision; (iii) aggressively litigating the talc claims in the tort system; and (iv) pursuing affirmative
claims against experts for false and defamatory narratives regarding the Company’s talc powder products. In
December 2023, LTL changed its state of formation to Texas and its name to LLT Management LLC (LLT).

Following the dismissal of the LTL 2 Bankruptcy Case, new lawsuits were filed, cases across the country that had
been stayed were reactivated, and trials commenced. The majority of the cases are pending in federal court,
organized in a multi-district litigation (MDL) in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey.
In the MDL, case-specific discovery proceeded. The MDL proceedings were stayed by order of the bankruptcy court in
the Red River Bankruptcy case discussed below. In March 2024, the court granted the Company's motion for a renewed
Daubert hearing prior to the trial. The briefing on the renewed Daubert issues was completed in August 2024.

In May 2024, the Company commenced a three-monthsolicitation period of its proposed consensual “prepackaged”
Chapter 11 bankruptcy plan (the Proposed Plan) for the comprehensive and final resolution of all current and future
claims related to cosmetic talc in the United States, excluding claims related to mesothelioma or State consumer
protection claims, in exchange for the payment by the Company of present value of approximately $ 6.475billion
payable over 25years (nominal value of approximately $ 8.0billion, discounted at a rate of 4.4%). The claims
encompassed by the Proposed Plan constitute 99.75% of pending lawsuits against the Company relating to its talc
powder products.

In August 2024, LLT engaged in a restructuring that resulted in the creation of three new Texas limited liability
companies: (a) Red River Talc, LLC (Red River); (b) Pecos River Talc LLC (Pecos River); and (3) New Holdco (Texas)
LLC. As a result of this restructuring, all claims related to ovarian and other gynecological cancers were
separated and allocated to Red River, and mesothelioma, governmental unit and certain other claims were allocated
to Pecos River.
                                                                                                                   
  28                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents

In September 2024, while reiterating the Company's continued confidence in the safety of its talc products, Red
River filed a voluntary petition with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas,
seeking relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (the Red River Bankruptcy Case), in furtherance of the
Company's consensual "prepackaged" Proposed Plan. Red River also filed a motion for a temporary restraining order,
seeking to extend the automatic stay to additional non-debtor entities.

Shortly after Red River filed its Chapter 11 petition, the U.S. Trustee's office filed a motion to transfer venue
in the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court, and thereafter, a motion to transfer venue and a motion to dismiss in the Texas
Bankruptcy Court. A coalition of six plaintiff law firms also filed a motion to transfer venue and a motion to
dismiss in the Texas Bankruptcy Court. In September 2024, the Texas Bankruptcy Court entered a temporary order
enjoining the commencement or prosecution of all claims against Red River and certain non-debtor entities,
including the Company, until October 11, 2024 (the Stay Order). The Stay Order was extended in October 2024,
December 2024, and on March 13, 2025. Also in September 2024, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court denied the U.S.
Trustee's motion to transfer venue without prejudice. In October 2024, the Texas Bankruptcy Court denied the motion
to transfer venue from Texas to New Jersey Bankruptcy Court. A consolidated hearing to address, among other things,
the motions to dismiss and plan confirmation began on February 18, 2025 and concluded on February 28, 2025.

To account for the contemplated comprehensive resolution through the Proposed Plan, the Company recorded a
cumulative incremental charge of approximately $ 5.0billion during fiscal year 2024. As of the end of fiscal year
2024, the total present value of the reserve was approximately $ 11.6billion (or nominal value of approximately $
13.5billion). On March 31, 2025, the Texas Bankruptcy Court issued an order dismissing the case and, as a result,
the Company reversed substantially all, or approximately $ 7billion, from amounts previously reserved for the
bankruptcy resolution. Further, as a result of the dismissal, the Stay Order was dissolved. On April 1, 2025, the
Company provided notice to the MDL court that the pending Daubert motion should proceed.

While the Company has resolved 95% of the mesothelioma lawsuits filed to date, cases continue to be filed. Trials
have commenced in various state courts. As of the first quarter 2025, the total present value of the reserve is
approximately $ 4.2billion, comprising previously executed settlement arrangements, litigation defense and other
costs. Approximately one-third of the reserve is recorded as a current liability.

In February 2019, the Company’s talc supplier, Imerys Talc America, Inc. and two of its affiliates, Imerys Talc
Vermont, Inc. and Imerys Talc Canada, Inc. (collectively, Imerys) filed a voluntary petition for relief under
Chapter 11 of the United States Code (the Bankruptcy Code) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District
of Delaware (Imerys Bankruptcy). The Imerys Bankruptcy relates to Imerys’s potential liability for personal injury
from exposure to talcum powder sold by Imerys. In its bankruptcy, Imerys alleges it has claims against the Company
for indemnification and rights to joint insurance proceeds. In its bankruptcy, Imerys proposed a Chapter 11 plan
(the Imerys Plan) that contemplated all talc-related claims against it being channeled to a trust along with its
alleged indemnification rights against the Company. Following confirmation and consummation of the plan, the trust
would pay talc claims pursuant to proposed trust distribution procedures (the TDP) and then seek indemnification
from the Company.

In February 2021, Cyprus Mines Corporation (Cyprus), which had owned certain Imerys talc mines, filed a voluntary
petition for relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in the Delaware Bankruptcy Court and filed its
Disclosure Statement and Plan (the Cyprus Plan). The Cyprus Plan contemplates a settlement with Imerys and talc
claimants where Cyprus would make a monetary contribution to a trust established under the Imerys Plan in exchange
for an injunction against talc claims asserted against it and certain affiliated parties. Cyprus also asserts it
has claims for indemnity against the Company arising out of talc personal injury claims. Under the Cyprus Plan,
Cyprus would also contribute its alleged indemnification rights to the trust.

In September 2023, Imerys and Cyprus filed amended plans of reorganization. The amended plans contemplate a similar
construct as the prior Imerys and Cyprus Plans, including all talc claims against Imerys and Cyprus (and certain
other protected parties) being channeled to a trust along with Imerys’s and Cyprus’s alleged indemnification rights
against the Company. The Company opposed both plans on the basis that the plans inflated Imerys’s and Cyprus’s
liability for talc claims and had the potential effect of imposing those inflated liabilities on the Company
through the Company’s alleged indemnification obligations.

In July 2024, the Company, Imerys, and Cyprus and certain of their affiliates (including their parent entities),
and the tort claimants' committees and future claimants' representatives appointed in the Imerys debtors' and
Cyprus debtors' respective Chapter 11 cases entered into a global settlement agreement (the Imerys Settlement
Agreement) to resolve the parties ongoing disputes, including disputes raised in the Imerys and Cyprus
bankruptcies. Under the global settlement, the Company and its affiliates, on the one hand, and Imerys and Cyprus
and their respective affiliates, on the other hand, release their claims against one another arising out of talc
claims, including indemnification and contribution claims. In addition, under the settlement, the Company purchased
the Imerys and Cyprus debtors' indemnification rights against the Company free and clear of all claims and interest
(the Indemnity Buyback). In August 2024, Imerys and Cyprus filed amended Chapter 11 plans and disclosure statements
incorporating the terms of the settlement with the Company. In October 2024, the Delaware Bankruptcy Court entered
an order approving the Imerys Settlement Agreement (the Settlement Order). The effectiveness of certain provisions
of the settlement, including the mutual
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q29                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents

releases, and Indemnity Buyback, were subject to certain conditions, which have since been satisfied. Accordingly,
the mutual releases and Indemnity Buyback are now in effect.

Certain insurers have appealed the Settlement Order and sought a stay of the order pending appeal, which the
Delaware Bankruptcy Court denied on January 13, 2025. The insurers then sought a stay of the order in the District
Court for the District of Delaware, which also was denied. The insurers then appealed the denial of their request
for a stay of the order to the Third Circuit Court of Appeals. The briefing of the Settlement Order appeal in the
Delaware District Court is scheduled to be completed in April 2025.

On January 5, 2025, Imerys and Cyprus each filed a certification of voting results, indicating that their
respective Chapter 11 plans had been accepted by each voting class of talc claimants. A joint confirmation hearing
for the plans is scheduled for April 2025.

In February 2018, a securities class action lawsuit was filed against the Company and certain named officers in the
United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, alleging that the Company violated the federal
securities laws by failing to disclose alleged asbestos contamination in body powders containing talc, primarily
JOHNSON’S Baby Powder, and that purchasers of the Company’s shares suffered losses as a result. In April 2019, the
Company moved to dismiss the complaint. In December 2019, the Court denied, in part, the motion to dismiss. The
case was stayed in May 2022 pursuant to the LTL Bankruptcy Case and was reopened in May 2023. In December 2023, the
Court granted Plaintiff’s motion for class certification. In January 2024, Defendants filed a petition with the
Third Circuit under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23(f) for permission to appeal the Court’s order granting class
certification, and in February 2024, the Third Circuit granted Defendants' petition. In February 2024, fact
discovery closed, the Court ordered the parties to mediate, and stayed the case pending mediation. In May 2024, the
parties participated in an unsuccessful mediation. In June 2024, at the parties' request, the Court lifted the stay
for certain limited discovery, but otherwise kept the stay in place pending a decision from the Third Circuit on
the 23(f) petition. Briefing on the 23(f) petition was completed in September 2024, and in March 2025, the Third
Circuit heard oral argument.

Matters concerning opioids

Beginning in 2014 and continuing to the present, the Company and Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (JPI), along with
other pharmaceutical companies, have been named in close to 3,500lawsuits related to the marketing of opioids,
including DURAGESIC, NUCYNTA and NUCYNTA ER. Similar lawsuits have also been filed by private plaintiffs and
organizations, including but not limited to the following: individual plaintiffs on behalf of children born with
Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome (NAS); hospitals; and health insurers/payors.

To date, the Company and JPI have litigated two of the cases to judgment and have prevailed in both, either at
trial or on appeal.

In July 2021, the Company announced finalization of an agreement to settle the state and subdivision claims for up
to $ 5.0billion. Approximately 70% of the all-in settlement was paid by the end of fiscal first quarter 2025. A few
government entities opted out of the settlement. In September 2024, the Company reached an agreement to resolve the
hospital cases.

The Company and JPI continue to defend the cases brought by the remaining government entity litigants as well as
the cases brought by private litigants. In total, there are under 35remaining opioid cases against the Company and
JPI in various state courts, 325remaining cases in the Ohio multi-district litigation (MDL), and 3additional cases
in other federal courts.

In addition, the Province of British Columbia filed suit against the Company and its Canadian affiliate Janssen
Inc., and many other industry members, in Canada. That action was certified as an opt in class action on behalf of
other provincial/territorial and the federal governments in Canada in January 2025. Additional proposed class
actions have been filed in Canada against the Company and Janssen Inc., and many other industry members, by and on
behalf of people who used opioids (for personal injuries), municipalities and First Nations bands. The proposed
class action in Quebec on behalf of residents diagnosed with opioid use disorder was authorized to proceed against
Janssen Inc. and other industry members in April 2024; and leave to appeal was denied in October 2024. The
defendants including the Company filed appeals from the certification order in late February 2025.

Starting in November 2019, a series of shareholder derivative complaints were filed against the Company as the
nominal defendant and certain current and former directors and officers as defendants in the Superior Court of New
Jersey. The complaint alleges breaches of fiduciary duties related to the marketing of opioids, and that the
Company has suffered damages as a result of those alleged breaches. As of September 2024, all the complaints had
been dismissed, and all appeals exhausted.

Product liability

The Company and certain of its subsidiaries are involved in numerous product liability claims and lawsuits
involving multiple products. Claimants in these cases seek substantial compensatory and, where available, punitive
damages. While the Company believes it has substantial defenses, it is not feasible to predict the ultimate outcome
of litigation. From time to time, even if it has substantial defenses, the Company considers isolated settlements
based on a variety of circumstances. The Company has accrued
                                                                                                                   
  30                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents

for these matters and will continue to monitor each related legal issue and adjust accruals as might be warranted
based on new information and further developments in accordance with ASC 450-20-25, Contingencies. The Company
accrues an estimate of the legal defense costs needed to defend each matter when those costs are probable and can
be reasonably estimated. For certain of these matters, the Company has accrued additional amounts such as estimated
costs associated with settlements, damages and other losses. Product liability accruals can represent projected
product liability for thousands of claims around the world, each in different litigation environments and with
different fact patterns. Changes to the accruals may be required in the future as additional information becomes
available.

The table below contains the most significant of these cases and provides the approximate number of plaintiffs in
the United States with direct claims in pending lawsuits regarding injuries allegedly due to the relevant product
or product category as of March 30, 2025:
                                                                                     
  Product or product category                          Number of plaintiffs          
  Body powders containing talc, primarily JOHNSON’S                          62,850  
  Baby Powder                                                                        
  DePuy ASR XL Acetabular System and DePuy ASR Hip                               50  
  Resurfacing System                                                                 
  PINNACLE Acetabular Cup System                                                910  
  Pelvic meshes                                                               5,910  
  ETHICON PHYSIOMESH Flexible Composite Mesh                                    140  
  ELMIRON                                                                     1,140  
                                                                                     
The number of pending lawsuits is expected to fluctuate as certain lawsuits are settled or dismissed and additional
lawsuits are filed. There may be additional claims that have not yet been filed.

MedTech

DePuy ASR XL Acetabular System and ASR Hip Resurfacing System

In August 2010, DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. (DePuy) announced a worldwide voluntary recall of its ASR XL Acetabular
System and DePuy ASR Hip Resurfacing System (ASR Hip) used in hip replacement surgery. Claims for personal injury
have been made against DePuy and the Company. Cases filed in federal courts in the United States have been
organized as a multi-district litigation in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio.
Litigation has also been filed in countries outside of the United States, primarily in the United Kingdom, Ireland,
India and Italy. In November 2013, DePuy reached an agreement with a Court-appointed committee of lawyers
representing ASR Hip plaintiffs to establish a program to settle claims with eligible ASR Hip patients in the
United States. This settlement program has resolved more than 10,000claims, thereby bringing to resolution
significant ASR Hip litigation activity in the United States. However, lawsuits in the United States remain, and
the settlement program does not address litigation outside of the United States. The Company continues to receive
information with respect to potential additional costs associated with this recall on a worldwide basis. The
Company has established accruals for the costs associated with the United States settlement program and ASR Hip-
related product liability litigation.

DePuy PINNACLE Acetabular Cup System

Claims for personal injury have also been made against DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. and the Company (collectively,
DePuy) relating to the PINNACLE Acetabular Cup System used in hip replacement surgery. Product liability lawsuits
continue to be filed, and the Company continues to receive information with respect to potential costs and the
anticipated number of cases. Most cases filed in federal courts in the United States have been organized as a
multi-district litigation in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas (Texas MDL).
Beginning on June 1, 2022, the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation ceased transfer of new cases into the
Texas MDL, and there are now cases pending in federal court outside the Texas MDL. Litigation also has been filed
in state courts and in countries outside of the United States. During the first quarter of 2019, DePuy established
a United States settlement program to resolve these cases. As part of the settlement program, adverse verdicts have
been settled. The Company has established an accrual for product liability litigation associated with the PINNACLE
Acetabular Cup System and the related settlement program.

Ethicon Pelvic Mesh

Claims for personal injury have been made against Ethicon, Inc. (Ethicon) and the Company arising out of Ethicon’s
pelvic mesh devices used to treat stress urinary incontinence and pelvic organ prolapse. The Company continues to
receive information with respect to potential costs and additional cases. Cases filed in federal courts in the
United States had been organized as a multi-district litigation (MDL) in the United States District Court for the
Southern District of West Virginia. In March 2021, the MDL Court entered an order closing the MDL. The MDL Court
has remanded cases for trial to the jurisdictions where the case was originally
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q31                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents

filed and additional pelvic mesh lawsuits have been filed, and remain, outside of the MDL. The Company has settled
or otherwise resolved the majority of the United States cases and the estimated costs associated with these
settlements and the remaining cases are reflected in the Company’s accruals. In addition, class actions and
individual personal injury cases or claims seeking damages for alleged injury resulting from Ethicon’s pelvic mesh
devices have been commenced in various countries outside of the United States, including claims and cases in the
United Kingdom, the Netherlands, and Ireland, and class actions in Israel, Australia, Canada and South Africa. The
vast majority of these actions are now resolved. The Company has established accruals with respect to product
liability litigation associated with Ethicon’s pelvic mesh products.

Ethicon Physiomesh

Following a June 2016 worldwide market withdrawal of Ethicon Physiomesh Flexible Composite Mesh (Physiomesh),
claims for personal injury have been made against Ethicon, Inc. (Ethicon) and the Company alleging personal injury
arising out of the use of this hernia mesh device. Cases filed in federal courts in the United States have been
organized as a multi-district litigation (MDL) in the United States District Court for the Northern District of
Georgia. A multi-county litigation (MCL) also has been formed in New Jersey state court and assigned to Atlantic
County for cases pending in New Jersey. In addition to the matters in the MDL and MCL, there are additional
lawsuits pending in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio, which are part of the MDL
for polypropylene mesh devices manufactured by C.R. Bard, Inc., and lawsuits pending in two New Jersey MCLs formed
for Proceed/Proceed Ventral Patch and Prolene Hernia systems, and lawsuits pending outside the United States. In
May 2021, Ethicon and lead counsel for the plaintiffs entered into a term sheet to resolve approximately
3,600Physiomesh cases (covering approximately 4,300plaintiffs) pending in the MDL and MCL at that time. A master
settlement agreement (MSA) was entered into in September 2021 and includes 3,729cases in the MDL and MCL. Other
than a small number of cases still pending in the MDL, all Physiomesh matters in the United States have been
resolved or are undergoing formal review for purposes of settlement.

Claims have also been filed against Ethicon and the Company alleging personal injuries arising from the PROCEED
Mesh and PROCEED Ventral Patch hernia mesh products. In March 2019, the New Jersey Supreme Court entered an order
consolidating these cases pending in New Jersey as an MCL in Atlantic County Superior Court. Additional cases have
been filed in various federal and state courts in the United States, and in jurisdictions outside the United
States.

Ethicon and the Company also have been subject to claims for personal injuries arising from the PROLENE
Polypropylene Hernia System. In January 2020, the New Jersey Supreme Court created an MCL in Atlantic County
Superior Court to handle such cases. Cases involving this product have also been filed in other federal and state
courts in the United States.

In October 2022, an agreement in principle, subject to various conditions, was reached to settle the majority of
the pending cases involving Proceed, Proceed Ventral Patch, Prolene Hernia System and related multi-layered mesh
products, as well as a number of unfiled claims. All litigation activities in the two New Jersey MCLs are stayed
pending effectuation of the proposed settlement. Future cases that are filed in the New Jersey MCLs will be subject
to docket control orders requiring early expert reports and discovery requirements.

The Company has established accruals with respect to product liability litigation associated with Ethicon
Physiomesh Flexible Composite Mesh, PROCEED Mesh and PROCEED Ventral Patch, and PROLENE Polypropylene Hernia System
products.

Innovative Medicine

ELMIRON

Claims for personal injury have been made against a number of Johnson & Johnson companies, including Janssen
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the Company, arising out of the use of ELMIRON, a prescription medication indicated for
the relief of bladder pain or discomfort associated with interstitial cystitis. These lawsuits, which allege that
ELMIRON contributes to the development of permanent retinal injury and vision loss, have been filed in both state
and federal courts across the United States. In December 2020, lawsuits filed in federal courts in the United
States, including putative class action cases seeking medical monitoring, were organized as a multi-district
litigation in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey (MDL). In addition, cases have been
filed in various state courts of New Jersey, which have been coordinated in a multi-county litigation in Bergen
County, as well as the Court of Common Pleas in Philadelphia, which have been coordinated and granted mass tort
designation. In addition, three class action lawsuits have been filed in Canada. The Company continues to defend
ELMIRON product liability lawsuits and continues to evaluate potential costs related to those claims. All U.S.
based ELMIRON matters have been resolved or are undergoing formal review for purposes of settlement. The Company
has established accruals for defense and indemnity costs associated with ELMIRON related product liability
litigation.

Intellectual property

Certain subsidiaries of the Company are subject, from time to time, to legal proceedings and claims related to
patent, trademark and other intellectual property matters arising out of their businesses. Many of these matters
involve challenges to the scope and/
                                                                                                                   
  32                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents

or validity of patents that relate to various products and allegations that certain of the Company’s products
infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties. Although these subsidiaries believe that they have
substantial defenses to these challenges and allegations with respect to all significant patents, there can be no
assurance as to the outcome of these matters. A loss in any of these cases could adversely affect the ability of
these subsidiaries to sell their products, result in loss of sales due to loss of market exclusivity, require the
payment of past damages and future royalties, and may result in a non-cash impairment charge for any associated
intangible asset.

Innovative Medicine - litigation against filers of abbreviated new drug applications (ANDAs)

The Company’s subsidiaries have brought lawsuits against generic companies that have filed ANDAs with the U.S. FDA
(or similar lawsuits outside of the United States) seeking to market generic versions of products sold by various
subsidiaries of the Company prior to expiration of the applicable patents covering those products. These lawsuits
typically include allegations of non-infringement and/or invalidity of patents listed in FDA’s publication
“Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations” (commonly known as the Orange Book). In each of
these lawsuits, the Company’s subsidiaries are seeking an order enjoining the defendant from marketing a generic
version of a product before the expiration of the relevant patents (Orange Book Listed Patents). In the event the
Company’s subsidiaries are not successful in an action, or any automatic statutory stay expires before the court
rulings are obtained, the generic companies involved would have the ability, upon regulatory approval, to introduce
generic versions of their products to the market, resulting in the potential for substantial market share and
revenue losses for the applicable products, and which may result in a non-cash impairment charge in any associated
intangible asset. In addition, from time to time, the Company’s subsidiaries may settle these types of actions and
such settlements can involve the introduction of generic versions of the products at issue to the market prior to
the expiration of the relevant patents.

The Inter Partes Review (IPR) process with the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO), created under the
2011 America Invents Act, is also being used at times by generic companies in conjunction with ANDAs and lawsuits
to challenge the applicable patents.

XARELTO

Beginning in March 2021, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Bayer Pharma AG, Bayer AG and Bayer Intellectual Property
GmbH filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have
filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of XARELTO before expiration of certain Orange Book Listed
Patents. The following entities are named defendants: Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc.; Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories,
Ltd.; Lupin Limited; Lupin Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.; Taro Pharmaceuticals U.S.A.,
Inc.; Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc.; Mylan Pharmaceuticals Inc.; Mylan Inc.; Mankind Pharma Limited; Apotex Inc.;
Apotex Corp.; Cipla Ltd.; Cipla USA Inc.; and InvaGen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The following U.S. patents are included
in one or more cases: 9,539,218 and 10,828,310.

U.S. Patent No. 10,828,310 was also under consideration by the USPTO in an IPR proceeding. In July 2023, the USPTO
issued a final written decision finding the claims of the patent invalid. In September 2023, Bayer Pharma AG filed
an appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. Oral argument is scheduled to be heard in May 2025.

INVEGA SUSTENNA

Beginning in January 2018, Janssen Pharmaceutica NV and Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed patent infringement
lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to
market generic versions of INVEGA SUSTENNA before expiration of the Orange Book Listed Patent. The following
entities are named defendants: Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc.; Mylan Laboratories Limited; Pharmascience Inc.;
Mallinckrodt PLC; Specgx LLC; Tolmar, Inc.; Accord Healthcare, Inc.; Qilu Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd.; and Qilu Pharma
Inc. The following U.S. patent is included in one or more cases: 9,439,906. In October 2020, the district court
issued a decision in the case against Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc., finding that United States Patent No.
9,439,906 is not invalid. Teva previously stipulated to infringement. Teva appealed the decision, and, in April
2024, the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit vacated and remanded the case to the district
court for further proceedings. In November 2024, the district court issued its decision on remand, finding that
United States Patent No. 9,439,906 is not invalid. Teva appealed to the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit,
and oral argument is scheduled for April 2025. In February 2024, the district court issued a decision in the case
against Tolmar Inc. finding that United States Patent No. 9,439,906 is not invalid. Tolmar previously stipulated to
infringement. Tolmar has appealed the decision.

Beginning in February 2018, Janssen Inc. and Janssen Pharmaceutica NV initiated a Statement of Claim under Section
6 of the Patented Medicines (Notice of Compliance) Regulations against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDSs
seeking approval to market generic versions of INVEGA SUSTENNA before expiration of the listed patent. The
following entities are named defendants: Pharmascience Inc. and Apotex Inc. The following Canadian patent is
included in one or more cases: 2,655,335. In June 2024, the Supreme Court dismissed the Apotex case. In September
2024, the Supreme Court granted Pharmascience's motion to appeal the Federal Court's decision that the 2,655,335
Patent is not invalid.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q33                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents

INVEGA TRINZA

Beginning in September 2020, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Janssen Pharmaceutica NV, and Janssen Research &
Development, LLC filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers
who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of INVEGA TRINZA before expiration of the Orange
Book Listed Patent. The following entities are named defendants: Mylan Laboratories Limited; Mylan Pharmaceuticals
Inc.; and Mylan Institutional LLC. The following U.S. patent is included in one or more cases: 10,143,693. In May
2023, the District Court issued a decision finding that Mylan’s proposed generic product infringes the asserted
patent and that the patent is not invalid. Mylan appealed the decision, and in March 2025, the U.S. Court of
Appeals for the Federal Circuit affirmed the district court's decision.

SYMTUZA

Beginning in November 2021, Janssen Products, L.P., Janssen Sciences Ireland Unlimited Company, Gilead Sciences,
Inc. and Gilead Sciences Ireland UC filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against
generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of SYMTUZA before expiration
of certain Orange Book Listed Patents. The following entities are named defendants: Lupin Limited; Lupin
Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; MSN Laboratories Private Ltd.; MSN Life Sciences Private Ltd.; MSN Pharmaceuticals Inc.;
Apotex Inc.; and Apotex Corp. The following U.S. patents are included in one or more cases: 10,039,718 and
10,786,518. In February 2025, Janssen entered into confidential settlement agreements with all defendants, and
consent judgments dismissing the cases were entered.

ERLEADA

In January 2025, Aragon Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Janssen Inc., (collectively, Janssen Inc.) and Sloan-Kettering
Institute for Cancer Research (SKI) initiated Statements of Claims under Section 6 of the Patented Medicines
(Notice of Compliance) Regulations against Sandoz Canada Inc. (Sandoz) in response to Sandoz’s filing of an ANDS
seeking approval to market a generic version of ERLEADA before the expiration of CA Patent Nos. 3,008,345 (the ’345
patent), 2,875,767 (the ’767 patent), 2,885,415 (the ’415 patent), and 3,128,331 (the ’331 patent). Janssen Inc.
and SKI are seeking an order enjoining Sandoz from marketing a generic version of ERLEADA before the expiration of
the relevant patents.

SPRAVATO

Beginning in May 2023, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Janssen Pharmaceutica NV filed patent infringement
lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to
market generic versions of SPRAVATO before expiration of certain Orange Book Listed Patents. The following entities
are named defendants: Sandoz Inc.; Hikma Pharmaceuticals Inc. USA; Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC; and Alkem
Laboratories Ltd. The following U.S. patents are included in one or more cases: 10,869,844; 11,173,134; 11,311,500;
and 11,446,260.

INVOKANA

Beginning in January 2024, Janssen Inc. and Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation initiated Statements of Claim
under Section 6 of the Patented Medicines (Notice of Compliance) Regulations against generic manufacturers who
filed ANDSs seeking approval to market generic versions of INVOKANA before expiration of the listed patents. The
following entities are named defendants: Jamp Pharma Corporation and Apotex Inc. The following Canadian patents are
included in one or more cases: 2,534,024 and 2,671,357. Trial in the Jamp action is scheduled for September 2025,
and trial in the Apotex action is scheduled for December 2025.

CAPLYTA

Beginning in March 2024, Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc. (Intra-Cellular) filed patent infringement lawsuits in the
United States District Court for the District of New Jersey against generic manufactures who have filed ANDAs
seeking approval to market generic versions of CAPLYTA before expiration of certain Orange Book Listed Patents. The
following entities are named defendants: Aurobindo Pharma Ltd., Aurobindo Pharma USA, Inc., Alkem Laboratories
Ltd., Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Inc., Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd., Hetero USA, Inc., Hetero Labs Ltd. Unit-V,
Hetero Labs Ltd., MSN Laboratories Private Ltd., Sandoz Inc., Zydus Pharmaceuticals (USA) Inc., and Zydus
Lifesciences Ltd. The following U.S. Patents are included in one or more cases: US RE 48,825; RE 48,839; 8,648,077;
9,168,258; 9,199,995; 9,616,061; 9,956,227; 10,117,867; 10,464,938; 10,960,009; 11,026,951; 11,753,419; 11,980,617;
12,070,459; 12,090,155; 12,122,792; and 12,128,043. In January 2025, Intra-Cellular entered into a confidential
settlement agreement with Sandoz Inc. and the case was dismissed.

MedTech

In March 2016, Abiomed, Inc. filed a declaratory judgment action against Maquet Cardiovascular LLC (Maquet) in the
U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts seeking a declaration that certain Impella products do not
infringe Maquet patents, including U.S. Patent Nos. 7,022,100 (’100 patent); 8,888,728; and 9,327,068. Maquet
counterclaimed for infringement of those patents against Abiomed, Inc., Abiomed Europe GmbH, and Abiomed R&D, Inc.
(collectively, Abiomed), and later added claims for
                                                                                                                   
  34                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents

infringement of U.S. Patent Nos. 9,545,468; 9,561,314; and 9,597,437. After claim construction, Maquet alleged
infringement of only the ’100 patent. In September 2021, the court granted Abiomed’s motion for summary judgment of
non-infringement of the ’100 patent, and in September 2023, the district court entered final judgment in favor of
Abiomed on all patents-in-suit. Maquet appealed.

In November 2017, Maquet Cardiovascular LLC filed suit against Abiomed, Inc., Abiomed R&D, Inc., and Abiomed Europe
GmbH (collectively, Abiomed) in the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts, alleging that certain
Impella products infringe U.S. Patent No. 9,789,238 (’238 patent). Maquet subsequently added U.S. Patent No.
10,238,783 (’783 patent). After claim construction, the court entered a stipulated judgment of non-infringement of
both patents. Maquet appealed. On March 21, 2025, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit left
undisturbed the judgment on non-infringement of the ’238 patent, vacated the judgment regarding the ’783 patent,
and remanded the case to the District Court for further proceedings on the ’783 patent.

Government proceedings

Like other companies in the pharmaceutical and medical technologies industries, the Company and certain of its
subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation by national, state and local government agencies in the United
States and other countries in which they operate. Such regulation has been the basis of government investigations
and litigations. The most significant litigation brought by, and investigations conducted by, government agencies
are listed below. It is possible that criminal charges and substantial fines and/or civil penalties or damages
could result from government investigations or litigation.

MedTech

In July 2023, the DOJ issued Civil Investigative Demands to the Company, Johnson & Johnson Surgical Vision, Inc.,
and Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc. (collectively, J&J Vision) in connection with a civil investigation under
the False Claims Act relating to free or discounted intraocular lenses and equipment used in eye surgery, such as
phacoemulsification and laser systems. J&J Vision has provided documents and information responsive to the Civil
Investigative Demands and is continuing to cooperate with the DOJ regarding its inquiry.

Innovative Medicine

In July 2016, the Company and Janssen Products, LP were served with a qui tam complaint pursuant to the False
Claims Act filed in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey alleging the off-label
promotion of two HIV products, PREZISTA and INTELENCE, and anti-kickback violations in connection with the
promotion of these products. The complaint was filed under seal in December 2012. The federal and state governments
have declined to intervene, and the lawsuit is being prosecuted by the relators. The Court denied summary judgment
on all claims in December 2021. Daubert motions were granted in part and denied in part in January 2022, and trial
commenced in May 2024. On June 13, 2024, a jury found no liability regarding the anti-kickback violations but found
liability for a portion of the off-label promotion claims. The Company is pursuing post-trial briefing challenging
the verdict on the off-label claims. On March 28, 2025, the Court granted in part and denied in part Janssen’s
motions and the Company is appealing the verdict and judgments.

In March 2017, Janssen Biotech, Inc. (JBI) received a Civil Investigative Demand from the United States Department
of Justice regarding a False Claims Act investigation concerning management and advisory services provided to
rheumatology and gastroenterology practices that purchased REMICADE or SIMPONI ARIA. In August 2019, the United
States Department of Justice notified JBI that it was closing the investigation. Subsequently, the United States
District Court for the District of Massachusetts unsealed a qui tam False Claims Act complaint, which was served on
the Company. The Department of Justice had declined to intervene in the qui tam lawsuit in August 2019. The Company
filed a motion to dismiss, which was granted in part and denied in part. Discovery is underway.

General litigation

The Company or its subsidiaries are also parties to various proceedings brought under the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, commonly known as Superfund, and comparable state, local
or foreign laws in which the primary relief sought is the Company’s agreement to implement remediation activities
at designated hazardous waste sites or to reimburse the government or third parties for the costs they have
incurred in performing remediation at such sites.

In October 2017, certain United States service members and their families brought a complaint against a number of
pharmaceutical and medical devices companies, including Johnson & Johnson and certain of its subsidiaries in United
States District Court for the District of Columbia, alleging that the defendants violated the United States Anti-
Terrorism Act. The complaint alleges that the defendants provided funding for terrorist organizations through their
sales practices pursuant to pharmaceutical and medical
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q35                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents

device contracts with the Iraqi Ministry of Health. In July 2020, the District Court dismissed the complaint. In
January 2022, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit reversed the District Court’s
decision. In June 2023, defendants filed a petition for a writ of certiorari to the United States Supreme Court. In
June 2024, the Supreme Court vacated the D.C. Circuit's decision and remanded the case to the D.C. Circuit. Oral
argument was held in November 2024.

In February 2024, a putative class action was filed against the Company and the Pension & Benefits Committee of
Johnson & Johnson (Committee) in United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. The complaint alleges
that defendants breached fiduciary duties under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) by allegedly
mismanaging the Company’s prescription-drug benefits program. The complaint seeks damages and other relief. In
January 2025, the Court granted in part and denied in part defendants’ motion to dismiss, with leave to replead. In
March 2025, plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint.

MedTech

In October 2020, Fortis Advisors LLC (Fortis), in its capacity as representative of the former stockholders of
Auris Health Inc. (Auris), filed a complaint against the Company, Ethicon Inc., and certain named officers and
employees (collectively, Ethicon) in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. The complaint alleges breach
of contract, fraud, and other causes of action against Ethicon in connection with Ethicon’s acquisition of Auris in
2019. The complaint seeks damages and other relief. In December 2021, the Court granted in part and denied in part
defendants’ motion to dismiss certain causes of action. All claims against the individual defendants were
dismissed. The trial occurred in January 2024. In September 2024, the court found liability with respect to certain
claims and no liability with respect to other claims. The Company has appealed the decision.

In October 2019, Innovative Health, LLC filed a complaint against Biosense Webster, Inc (BWI) in the United States
District Court for the Central District of California. The complaint alleges that certain of BWI's business
practices and contractual terms violate the antitrust laws of the United States and the State of California by
restricting competition in the sale of High Density Mapping Catheters and Ultrasound Catheters. Trial is scheduled
for April 2025.

Innovative Medicine

In June 2019, the United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) issued a Civil Investigative Demand to the Company
and Janssen Biotech, Inc. (collectively, Janssen) in connection with its investigation of whether Janssen’s
REMICADE contracting practices violate federal antitrust laws. The Company has produced documents and information
responsive to the Civil Investigative Demand. Janssen is in ongoing discussions with the FTC staff regarding its
inquiry.

In October 2018, two separate putative class actions were filed against Actelion Pharmaceutical Ltd., Actelion
Pharmaceuticals U.S., Inc. and Actelion Clinical Research, Inc. (collectively Actelion) in United States District
Court for the District of Maryland and United States District Court for the District of Columbia. The complaints
allege that Actelion violated state and federal antitrust and unfair competition laws by allegedly refusing to
supply generic pharmaceutical manufacturers with samples of TRACLEER. TRACLEER is subject to a Risk Evaluation and
Mitigation Strategy required by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, which imposes restrictions on distribution
of the product. In January 2019, the plaintiffs dismissed the District of Columbia case and filed a consolidated
complaint in the United States District Court for the District of Maryland. In September 2024, the district court
granted plaintiff's motion for class certification. Trial is scheduled for March 2026.

In December 2023, a putative class action lawsuit was filed against the Company and Janssen Biotech Inc.
(collectively Janssen) in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. The complaint
alleges that Janssen violated federal and state antitrust laws and other state laws by delaying biosimilar
competition with STELARA through Janssen's enforcement of patent rights covering STELARA. The complaint seeks
damages and other relief. In February 2024, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, which Janssen moved to dismiss
in March 2024. In August 2024, the court granted in part and denied in part Janssen's motion to dismiss.

In December 2018, Janssen Biotech, Inc., Janssen Oncology, Inc., Janssen Research & Development, LLC and Johnson &
Johnson (collectively, Janssen) were served with a qui tam complaint on behalf of the United States, certain
states, and the District of Columbia. The complaint alleges that Janssen violated the federal False Claims Act and
state law when providing pricing information for ZYTIGA to the government in connection with direct sales and
reimbursement programs. At this time, the federal and state governments have declined to intervene. In December
2021, the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey denied Janssen's motion to dismiss.
                                                                                                                   
  36                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Note 12 — Restructuring                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
In fiscal 2023, the Company initiated a restructuring program of its Orthopaedics franchise within its MedTech
segment to streamline operations by exiting certain markets, product lines and distribution network arrangements.
The pre-tax restructuring expense in the fiscal first quarter of 2025 primarily included costs related to asset
impairments and market and product exits. The pre-tax restructuring expense in the fiscal first quarter of 2024
primarily included costs related to market and product exits. Total project costs of approximately $ 0.5billion
have been recorded since the restructuring was announced. The estimated costs of the total program are between $
0.7billion - $ 0.8billion and is expected to be completed by the end of fiscal year 2025.
The following table summarizes the restructuring expenses for 2025 and 2024:
                                                        
  (Pre-tax Dollars in Millions)     Q1 2025    Q1 2024  
  MedTech Segment(1)                    $55         27  
  Innovative Medicine Segment(2)          0        144  
  Total Programs                        $55        171  
                                                        
(1) Includes $ 17million in Restructuring, $ 8million in Cost of products sold and $ 30million in Other
(Income)/Expense on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings in the fiscal first quarter of 2025. Included $
20million in Restructuring and $ 7million in Cost of products sold on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings in the
fiscal first quarter of 2024.
(2) Included in Restructuring on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings in the fiscal first quarter of 2024. This
program was completed in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2024.
Restructuring reserves as of March 30, 2025 and December 29, 2024 were insignificant.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q37                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 2 — Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations                 │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                                                                   
   Results of operations                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Sales to customers                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
   Analysis of consolidated sales                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
For the fiscal first quarter of 2025, worldwide sales were $21.9 billion, a total increase of 2.4%, which included
operational growth of 4.2% and a negative currency impact of 1.8% as compared to 2024 fiscal first quarter sales of
$21.4 billion. In the fiscal first quarter of 2025, the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on worldwide
operational sales growth was a positive 0.9%. In the fiscal first quarter of 2025, the impact of the Stelara sales
decline, due to biosimilar competition, on the worldwide operational sales was approximately negative 4.7%.

Sales by U.S. companies were $12.3 billion in the fiscal first quarter of 2025, which represented an increase of
5.9% as compared to the prior year. In the fiscal first quarter of 2025, the net impact of acquisitions and
divestitures on the U.S. operational sales growth was a positive 1.5%. In the fiscal first quarter of 2025, the
impact of the Stelara sales decline, due to biosimilar competition on the U.S. operational sales was approximately
negative 4.9%. Sales by international companies were $9.6 billion, a total decrease of 1.8%, which included
operational growth of 2.1% offset by a negative currency impact of 3.9%. In the fiscal first quarter of 2025, the
net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on international operational sales growth was a positive 0.2%. In the
fiscal first quarter of 2025, the impact of the Stelara sales decline, due to biosimilar competition, on the
international operational sales was approximately negative 4.6%.

In the fiscal first quarter of 2025, sales by companies in Europe experienced a sales decline of 1.0%, which
included operational growth of 2.2% offset by a negative currency impact of 3.2%. Sales by companies in the Western
Hemisphere, excluding the U.S., experienced a sales decline of 2.3%, which included operational growth of 9.2%
offset by a negative currency impact of 11.5%. Sales by companies in the Asia-Pacific, Africa region experienced a
sales decline of 2.8%, which included an operational decline of 0.6% and a negative currency impact of 2.2%.
                                                                                                                   
                                     Q1 2025                                                                       
                                     Sales by Geographic Region (in billions)                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                          Q1 2025                                                                  
                                          Sales by Segment (in billions)                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                        Note: values may have been rounded                                         
                                                                                                                   
  38                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents
                                                                                                                   
   Analysis of sales by business segments                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
Innovative Medicine
Innovative Medicine segment sales in the fiscal first quarter of 2025 were $13.9 billion, an increase of 2.3% as
compared to the same period a year ago, including an operational increase of 4.2% and a negative currency impact of
1.9%. U.S. Innovative Medicine sales increased 6.3% as compared to the same period a year ago. International
Innovative Medicine sales decreased by 2.9%, including an operational increase of 1.5% offset by a negative
currency impact of 4.4%. In the fiscal first quarter of 2025, the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on
the worldwide Innovative Medicine segment operational sales growth was a negative 0.2%. In the fiscal first quarter
of 2025, the impact of the Stelara sales decline, due to biosimilar competition, was an approximate negative 8.1%
on the worldwide, U.S. and international Innovative Medicine segment operational sales.

Major Innovative Medicine therapeutic area sales — Fiscal First Quarter Ended
                                                                                                                   
  (Dollars in                                                        Total           Operations          Currency  
  Millions)              March 30, 2025    March 31, 2024           Change               Change            Change  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Oncology                       $5,678            $4,814     17.9       %     20.4           %    -2.5         %  
  CARVYKTI                          369               157                *                    *                 *  
  DARZALEX                        3,237             2,692     20.3             22.5                -2.2            
  ERLEADA                           771               689     11.9             14.6                -2.7            
  IMBRUVICA                         709               784     -9.5             -6.7                -2.8            
  RYBREVANT/                        141                47                *                    *                 *  
  LAZCLUZE(1)                                                                                                      
  TALVEY(1)                          86                58     48.4             50.2                -1.8            
  TECVAYLI                          151               133     13.3             15.0                -1.7            
  ZYTIGA/ abiraterone               125               181    -30.9            -28.3                -2.6            
  acetate                                                                                                          
  Other Oncology                     89                73             21.7                 24.7              -3.0  
  Immunology                      3,707             4,247    -12.7            -10.9                -1.8            
  REMICADE                          467               434      7.5              9.3                -1.8            
  SIMPONI/ SIMPONI                  659               554     18.9             22.9                -4.0            
  ARIA                                                                                                             
  STELARA                         1,625             2,451    -33.7            -32.3                -1.4            
  TREMFYA                           956               808     18.2             20.1                -1.9            
  Other Immunology                    1                 0                *                    *                 —  
  Neuroscience                    1,647             1,803     -8.6             -7.0                -1.6            
  CONCERTA/                         148               177    -16.3            -13.4                -2.9            
  methylphenidate                                                                                                  
  INVEGA SUSTENNA/                                                                                                 
  XEPLION/ INVEGA                   903             1,056    -14.5            -13.5                -1.0            
  TRINZA/TREVICTA                                                                                                  
  SPRAVATO                          320               225     41.9             42.9                -1.0            
  Other Neuroscience                277               345    -19.6            -16.7                -2.9            
  Pulmonary                       1,025             1,049     -2.3             -1.2                -1.1            
  Hypertension                                                                                                     
  OPSUMIT/ OPSYNVI(2)               522               524     -0.5              0.6                -1.1            
  UPTRAVI                           451               468     -3.6             -2.9                -0.7            
  Other Pulmonary                    52                56     -7.2             -4.3                -2.9            
  Hypertension                                                                                                     
  Infectious Diseases               802               821     -2.2              0.1                -2.3            
  EDURANT/rilpivirine               358               323     10.7             14.3                -3.6            
  PREZISTA/                                                                                                        
  PREZCOBIX/                        403               418     -3.7             -2.3                -1.4            
  REZOLSTA/SYMTUZA                                                                                                 
  Other Infectious                   41                78    -47.6            -45.9                -1.7            
  Diseases(3)                                                                                                      
  Cardiovascular /                1,013               829     22.3             23.4                -1.1            
  Metabolism / Other                                                                                               
  XARELTO                           690               518     33.3             33.3                   —            
  Other                             323               311      3.9              6.7                -2.8            
  Total Innovative              $13,873           $13,562      2.3       %      4.2           %    -1.9         %  
  Medicine Sales                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
*percentage greater than 100% or not meaningful
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q39                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents

(1) Previously in Other Oncology

(2) Opsynvi was previously in Other Pulmonary Hypertension

(3) Includes the Covid-19 Vaccine in 2024

Oncology products achieved operational sales growth of 20.4% as compared to the same period a year ago. Strong
sales of DARZALEX (daratumumab) were driven by continued share gains and market growth. Growth of ERLEADA
(apalutamide) was due to continued share gains and market growth partially offset by the impact of Medicare Part D
redesign (Part D). Increased sales of CARVYKTI (ciltacabtagene autoleucel) were driven by continued share gains and
capacity expansion. Additionally, sales from the ongoing launches of TECVAYLI (teclistamab-cqyv), TALVEY
(talquetamab-tgvs) and RYBREVANT (amivantamab)/LAZCLUZE (lazertinib) contributed to the growth. Growth was
partially offset by ZYTIGA (abiraterone acetate) due to loss of exclusivity and IMBRUVICA (ibrutinib) declines due
to competitive pressures and the impact of Part D.

Immunology products experienced an operational decline of 10.9% as compared to the same period a year ago primarily
due to the decline of STELARA (ustekinumab) sales driven by the impact of biosimilar competition and Part D. The
growth of TREMFYA (guselkumab) was due to share gains and market growth partially offset by the impact of Part D.
The SIMPONI/SIMPONI ARIA sales increase was primarily driven by the Merck, Sharp & Dohme return of rights in Europe
in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2024. The REMICADE (infliximab) sales increase was due to a one-time favorable
patient mix, market growth, and the Merck, Sharp & Dohme return of rights in Europe, partially offset biosimilar
competition.

Sales of STELARA in the United States were approximately $6.7 billion in fiscal 2024. Third parties have filed
abbreviated Biologics License Applications with the FDA seeking approval to market biosimilar versions of STELARA.
The Company has settled certain litigation under the Biosimilar Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009.
According to patent settlement and license agreements, the Company expects continued launches of biosimilar
versions of STELARA in Europe and the United States in 2025 which will impact the Company’s sales of STELARA.

Neuroscience products experienced an operational decline of 7.0% as compared to the same period a year ago. The
decline was driven by INVEGA SUSTENNA / XEPLION / INVEGA TRINZA / TREVICTA primarily due to the impact of Part D
and Other Neuroscience primarily due to RISPERDAL/RISPERDAL CONSTA and the PONVORY divestiture. The decline was
partially offset by the growth of SPRAVATO (esketamine) driven by the ongoing launch and increased physician and
patient demand.

Pulmonary Hypertension products experienced an operational decline of 1.2% as compared to the same period a year
ago. Sales growth of OPSUMIT (macitentan)/ OPSYNVI (macitentan/tadalafil) were driven by share gains and market
growth partially offset by the impact of Part D redesign. The sales decline of UPTRAVI (selexipag) was driven by
the impact of Part D partially offset by market growth.

Infectious disease products achieved operational sales growth of 0.1% as compared to the same period a year ago
primarily driven by EDURANT/rilpivirine partially offset by declines across the portfolio including COVID-19
vaccine revenue in Other Infectious Diseases.

Cardiovascular / Metabolism / Other products achieved operational growth of 23.4% as compared to the same period a
year ago. The growth of XARELTO (rivaroxaban) sales was primarily driven by one-time favorable patient mix and the
impact of Part D.

The Company maintains a policy that no end customer will be permitted direct delivery of product to a location
other than the billing location. This policy impacts contract pharmacy transactions involving non-grantee 340B
covered entities for most of the Company’s drugs, subject to multiple exceptions. Both grantee and non-grantee
covered entities can maintain certain contract pharmacy arrangements under policy exceptions. The Company has been
and will continue to offer 340B discounts to covered entities on all of its covered outpatient drugs, and it
believes its policy will improve its ability to identify inappropriate duplicate discounts and diversion prohibited
by the 340B statute. The 340B Drug Pricing Program is a U.S. federal government program requiring drug
manufacturers to provide significant discounts on covered outpatient drugs to covered entities.
                                                                                                                   
  40                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  MedTech                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
MedTech segment sales in the fiscal first quarter of 2025 were $8.0 billion, an increase of 2.5% as compared to the
same period a year ago, which included operational growth of 4.1% and a negative currency impact of 1.6%. U.S.
MedTech sales increased 5.1%. International MedTech sales decreased by 0.2%, including operational growth of 3.0%
offset by a negative currency impact of 3.2%. In the fiscal first quarter of 2025, the net impact of acquisitions
and divestitures on the MedTech segment operational sales growth was a positive 2.8%, primarily related to the
Shockwave acquisition.

Major MedTech franchise sales — Fiscal First Quarter Ended
                                                                                                                   
  (Dollars in                                                        Total           Operations          Currency  
  Millions)               March 30, 2025    March 31, 2024           Change          Change              Change    
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Surgery                         $2,396            $2,416     -0.8  %          1.1  %             -1.9  %         
  Advanced                         1,073             1,087     -1.2             0.5                -1.7            
  General                          1,323             1,330     -0.5             1.6                -2.1            
  Orthopaedics                     2,241             2,340     -4.2            -3.1                -1.1            
  Hips                               409               422     -3.1            -1.9                -1.2            
  Knees                              389               401     -3.0            -1.7                -1.3            
  Trauma                             772               765      0.9             2.1                -1.2            
  Spine, Sports &                    671               752    -10.8            -9.7                -1.1            
  Other                                                                                                            
  Cardiovascular                   2,103             1,806     16.4            17.7                -1.3            
  Electrophysiology                1,323             1,344     -1.6            -0.2                -1.4            
  Abiomed                            420               371     13.3            14.0                -0.7            
  Shockwave(1)                       258                 —           *               *                —            
  Other Cardiovascular               103                92     12.5            14.1                -1.6            
  Vision                           1,279             1,258      1.7             3.7                -2.0            
  Contact Lenses/Other               919               910      1.0             2.7                -1.7            
  Surgical                           361               348      3.7             6.2                -2.5            
  Total MedTech Sales             $8,020            $7,821      2.5  %          4.1  %             -1.6  %         
                                                                                                                   
(1) Acquired on May 31, 2024

*Percentage greater than 100% or not meaningful

The Surgery franchise achieved operational sales growth of 1.1% as compared to the prior year fiscal first quarter.
The operational growth in Advanced Surgery was primarily due to the strength of the portfolio and recovery from
U.S. supply challenges in Biosurgery as well as commercial execution in Biosurgery and Endocutters and strategic
price actions in Endocutters. The growth was partially offset by competitive pressures in Energy and Endocutters as
well as the negative impact of China volume-based procurement. The operational growth in General Surgery was
primarily driven by technology penetration and upgrades within the differentiated Wound Closure portfolio and
tender timing outside the U.S. The growth was partially offset by the impact from divestitures.

The Orthopaedics franchise experienced an operational sales decline of 3.1% as compared to the prior year fiscal
first quarter. All platforms were impacted by one-time events: the lapping of the prior year one-time revenue
recognition timing change related to certain products in the U.S., fewer selling days, and revenue disruption from
the previously announced Orthopaedics restructuring. The operational decline in Hips reflects the aforementioned
one-time events partially offset by the continued strength of the portfolio. The operational decline in Knees was
driven by the aforementioned one-time events and tender timing outside the U.S. partially offset by procedure
growth, strength of the ATTUNE portfolio and pull through related to the VELYS Robotic assisted solution. The
operational growth in Trauma was primarily driven by the continued adoption of recently launched products,
procedure growth, and commercial execution, partially offset by the aforementioned one-time events. The operational
sales decline in Spine, Sports & Other reflects the aforementioned one-time events, competitive pressures, price
pressures in the U.S. Early Interventional segment, and China volume-based procurement partially offset by growth
in Shoulders.

The Cardiovascular franchise, which includes sales from Shockwave Medical (Shockwave) acquired on May 31, 2024,
achieved operational sales growth of 17.7% as compared to the prior year fiscal first quarter. Abiomed sales growth
was driven by the continued strong adoption of Impella 5.5 and Impella CP. Electrophysiology sales declined due to
competitive pressures in Pulsed
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q41                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents

Field Ablation catheters and lapping of prior year inventory build in Asia. The decline was mostly offset by global
procedure growth, new products and commercial execution.

The Vision franchise achieved operational sales growth of 3.7% as compared to the prior year fiscal first quarter.
The Contact Lenses/Other operational growth was driven by price actions and continued strong performance in the
ACUVUE OASYS 1-Day family of products (including recent launches). The Surgical operational growth was primarily
driven by the continued strength of recent innovations and commercial execution partially offset by competitive
pressures in the U.S.

Analysis of consolidated earnings before provision for taxes on income

Consolidated earnings before provision for taxes on income for the fiscal first quarter of 2025 was $13.6 billion
representing 62.3% of sales as compared to $3.7 billion in the fiscal first quarter of 2024, representing 17.4% of
sales. The fiscal first quarter of 2025 includes the reversal of approximately $7.0 billion, a significant portion
of the previously accrued talc reserve. The fiscal first quarter of 2024 includes charges for talc matters of
approximately $2.7 billion.
                                                                                                                   
  Cost of products sold                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
                    (Dollars in billions. Percentages in chart are as a percent to total sales)                    
                                                                                                                   
  Q1 2025 versus Q1 2024                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
Cost of products sold increased as a percent to sales primarily driven by:

• Unfavorable currency and product mix in the Innovative Medicine business

• The fair value inventory step-up and amortization related to Shockwave

The intangible asset amortization expense included in cost of products sold for both the fiscal first quarters of
2025 and 2024 was $1.1 billion.
                                                                                                                   
  Selling, marketing and administrative expenses                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                    (Dollars in billions. Percentages in chart are as a percent to total sales)                    
                                                                                                                   
  42                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Q1 2025 versus Q1 2024                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
Selling, Marketing and Administrative Expenses decreased as a percent to sales primarily driven by:

• Planned leverage and phasing of investments in the Innovative Medicine business.
                                                                                                                   
  Research and development expense                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
Research and development expense by segment of business was as follows:
                                                                                                                   
                         Fiscal First Quarter                                                                      
                                        Ended                                                                      
                                         2025                                   2024                               
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (Dollars in                                  Amount          % of Sales*            Amount          % of Sales*  
  Millions)                                                                                                        
  Innovative Medicine                  $2,548            18.4  %              $2,896            21.4  %            
  MedTech                                 677             8.4                    646             8.3               
  Total research and                   $3,225            14.7  %              $3,542            16.6  %            
  development expense                                                                                              
  Percent                                                                                                          
  increase/(decrease)                    (8.9  %)                                                                  
  over the                                                                                                         
  prior year                                                                                                       
  *As a percent to                                                                                                 
  segment sales                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Q1 2025 versus Q1 2024                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
Research and Development decreased as a percent to sales driven by:

• Reduced spending and phasing of investments in the Innovative Medicine business

partially offset by

• Investments associated with Shockwave and V-Wave in the MedTech business
                                                                                                                   
  Interest (income) expense                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
Interest (income) expense in the fiscal first quarter of 2025 was net income of $128 million as compared to net
income of $209 million in the fiscal first quarter of 2024. Interest income in the fiscal first quarter of 2025
decreased slightly as compared to the prior year driven by lower interest rates earned on cash balances. Interest
expense was slightly higher due to a higher average debt balance at higher interest rates. The balance of cash,
cash equivalents and current marketable securities was $38.8 billion at the end of the fiscal first quarter of 2025
as compared to $26.2 billion at the end of the fiscal first quarter of 2024. The Company’s debt position was $52.3
billion as of March 30, 2025, as compared to $33.6 billion the same period a year ago.
                                                                                                                   
  Other (income) expense, net*                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Q1 2025 versus Q1 2024                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
Other (income) expense, net for the fiscal first quarter of 2025 reflected an increase in income of $9.7 billion as
compared to the prior year primarily due to the following:
                                                                                                         
  Fiscal First Quarter                                                                                   
  (Dollars in Billions)(Income)/Expense                March 30, 2025    March 31, 2024          Change  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Litigation related(1)                       $  -7.0                               2.7    -9.7          
  Acquisition, Integration and Divestiture        0.1                               0.1       —          
  related                                                                                                
  Employee benefit plan related                                  -0.1              -0.2     0.1          
  Other                                                          -0.3              -0.2            -0.1  
  Total Other (Income) Expense, Net           $  -7.3                               2.4    -9.7          
                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q43                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents

(1) The fiscal first quarter of 2025 includes the reversal of approximately $7.0 billion, a significant portion of
the previously accrued talc reserve. The fiscal first quarter of 2024 includes charges for talc matters. For
additional details related to talc refer to Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

*Other (income) expense, net is the account where the Company records gains and losses related to the sale and
write-down of certain investments in equity securities held by Johnson & Johnson Innovation - JJDC, Inc. (JJDC),
changes in the fair value of securities, gains and losses on divestitures, gains and losses on sale of assets,
certain transactional currency gains and losses, acquisition-related costs, litigation accruals and settlements,
investment (income)/loss related to employee benefit plans, as well as royalty income.
                                                                                                                   
  Segment income before tax                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
Income (loss) before tax by segment of business for the fiscal first quarters were as follows:
                                                                                                                   
                                                                               Percent                             
  (Dolla…    Income      March                                       March          of  March                      
  in         Before        30,       March    Segment     March        31,     Segment  30,              March     
  Millio…    Tax          2025    31, 2024    Sales    30, 2025       2024       Sales  2025             31, 2024  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Innova…               $5,210      $4,969              $13,873    $13,562        37.6  %          36.6  %         
  Medici…                                                                                                          
  MedTech                1,421       1,520                8,020      7,821        17.7             19.4            
  Segment                6,631       6,489               21,893     21,383        30.3             30.3            
  total                                                                                                            
  (Incom…                                                                                                          
  Expens…                                                                                                          
  not                   -7,000       2,775                                                                         
  alloca…                                                                                                          
  to                                                                                                               
  segmen…                                                                                                          
  Earnin…                                                                                                          
  before                                                                                                           
  provis…                                                                                                          
  for                  $13,631      $3,714              $21,893    $21,383        62.3  %          17.4  %         
  taxes                                                                                                            
  on                                                                                                               
  income                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
(1) Amounts not allocated to segments include interest (income) expense, certain litigation expenses and general
corporate (income) expense. The fiscal first quarter of 2025 includes the reversal of approximately $7.0 billion, a
significant portion of the previously accrued talc reserve. The fiscal first quarter of 2024 includes charges for
talc matters of $2.7 billion. For additional details related to talc refer to Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.
                                                                                                                   
  Innovative Medicine segment                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
The Innovative Medicine segment income before tax as a percent of sales in the fiscal first quarter of 2025 was
37.6% versus 36.6% for the same period a year ago. The increase in the income before tax as a percent of sales for
the fiscal first quarter of 2025 as compared to the prior year was primarily driven by the following:

• Lower restructuring related costs and amortization expense of $0.6 billion in 2025 versus $0.8 billion in 2024

• Planned leverage and phasing of investments in Selling, Marketing and Administrative Expenses

• Reduced spending and phasing of investments in Research & Development

partially offset by
                                                                                                                   
  •                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Unfavorable currency in Cost of products sold                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Product mix and Part D                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  MedTech segment                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
The MedTech segment income before tax as a percent of sales in the fiscal first quarter of 2025 was 17.7% versus
19.4% for the same period a year ago. The decrease in the income before tax as a percent of sales for the fiscal
first quarter of 2025 as compared to the prior year was primarily driven by the following:

• The fair value inventory step-up and amortization related to Shockwave of $0.1 billion in 2025

• Increased investments in Research & Development associated with Shockwave and V-Wave
                                                                                                                   
  Restructuring                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
In the fiscal year 2023, the Company initiated a restructuring program of its Orthopaedics franchise within its
MedTech segment to streamline operations by exiting certain markets, product lines and distribution network
arrangements. The pre-tax restructuring expense was $55 million in the fiscal first quarter of 2025, of which $17
million was recorded in Restructuring, $8 million in Cost of products sold and $30 million in Other
(Income)/Expense on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings primarily for costs related to asset impairments and
market and product exits. The pre-tax restructuring expense was $27 million in the fiscal first quarter of 2024, of
which $20 million was recorded in Restructuring and $7 million was recorded in Cost of products sold on the
Consolidated Statement of Earnings. Total project costs of approximately $0.5 billion have been recorded since the
restructuring was announced.
                                                                                                                   
  44                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents

In the fiscal year 2023, the Company completed a prioritization of its research and development (R&D) investment
within the Innovative Medicine segment to focus on the most promising medicines with the greatest benefit to
patients. The pre-tax restructuring charge of approximately $0.1 billion in the fiscal first quarter of 2024
included the termination of partnered and non-partnered program costs and asset impairments. The program was
completed in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2024.

For further details related to the restructuring refer to Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                                                                                                   
  Provision for taxes on income                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
The worldwide effective income tax rate for the fiscal three months was 19.3% in 2025 and 12.4% in 2024.

On December 15, 2022, the European Union (EU) Member States formally adopted the EU’s Pillar Two Directive, which
generally provides for a minimum effective tax rate of 15%, as established by the Organization for Economic Co-
operation and Development (OECD) Pillar Two Framework that was supported by over 130 countries worldwide. Several
EU and non-EU countries have enacted Pillar Two legislation with an initial effective date of January 1, 2024, with
other aspects of the law effective in 2025 or later. While countries continue to enact new provisions or issue new
regulations this could have an impact to the Company’s effective tax rate.

For further details related to the fiscal 2025 provision for taxes refer to Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.
                                                                                                                   
   Liquidity and capital resources                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              Acquisitions                                                         
                                              (net of cash acquired)                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                           Proceeds from the disposal of                                           
                                              assets/businesses, net                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                             Dividends to shareholders                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Cash flows                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Cash and cash equivalents were $38.5 billion at the end of the fiscal first quarter of 2025 as compared with $24.1
billion at the end of fiscal year 2024. The primary sources and uses of cash that contributed to the $14.4 billion
increase were:
                                                                                           
     -Dollars In Billions                                                                  
                     24.1    Q4 2024 Cash and cash equivalents balance                     
                      4.2    net cash generated from operating activities                  
                     -0.3    net cash used by investing activities                         
                     10.4    net cash from financing activities                            
                      0.1    effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents  
  $                  38.5    Q1 2025 Cash and cash equivalents                             
                                                                                           
In addition, the Company had $0.3 billion in marketable securities at the end of the fiscal first quarter of 2025
and $0.4 billion at the end of fiscal year 2024.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q45                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents

Cash flow from operations of $4.2 billion was the result of:
                                                                                                                   
     (Dollars In Billions)                                                                                         
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  $                   11.0    Net earnings                                                                         
                              non-cash expenses and other adjustments primarily for depreciation and               
                       4.2    amortization, stock-based compensation, deferred tax provision, charge for           
                              in-process research and development assets and asset write-downs partially offset    
                              by the net gain on sale of assets/businesses                                         
                      -1.1    an increase in accounts receivable and inventories                                   
                      -2.1    a decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities                               
                      -1.3    an increase in other current and non-current assets                                  
                      -6.5    a decrease in other current and non-current liabilities                              
  $                    4.2    Net cash flows from operations                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Cash flow used by investing activities of $0.3 billion was primarily from:
                                                                                        
     (Dollars In                                                                        
       Billions)                                                                        
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  $         -0.8    additions to property, plant and equipment                          
             0.3    proceeds from the disposal of assets/businesses, net                
             0.3    credit support agreements activity, net                             
            -0.1    Other (primarily capitalized licenses and milestones) and rounding  
  $         -0.3    Net cash used by investing activities                               
                                                                                        
Cash flow from financing activities of $10.4 billion was primarily from:
                                                                                                         
     (Dollars In                                                                                         
       Billions)                                                                                         
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  $         -3.0    dividends to shareholders                                                            
            -2.1    repurchase of common stock                                                           
            15.1    net proceeds from short and long term debt                                           
             0.5    proceeds from stock options exercised/employee withholding tax on stock awards, net  
            -0.1    Other and rounding                                                                   
  $         10.4    Net cash from financing activities                                                   
                                                                                                         
The Company has access to substantial sources of funds at numerous banks worldwide and has the ability to issue up
to $20 billion in Commercial Paper. Furthermore, in June 2024, the Company secured a new 364-day Credit Facility of
$10 billion (expiration on June 25, 2025) which may be used for general corporate purposes including to support our
commercial paper borrowings. Interest charged on borrowings under the credit line agreement is based on either
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) Reference Rate or other applicable market rate as allowed plus applicable
margins. Commitment fees under the agreement are not material.

As of March 30, 2025, the Company had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of approximately $38.8
billion and had approximately $52.3 billion of notes payable and long-term debt for a net debt position of $13.5
billion as compared to the prior year fiscal first quarter net debt position of $7.4 billion. In the fiscal first
quarter of 2025, the Company issued senior unsecured notes for approximately $9.2 billion. For additional details
on borrowings, see Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The net proceeds from this offering were used
to fund the Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc. acquisition for approximately $14.6 billion which closed subsequent to
the quarter on April 2, 2025, and for general corporate purposes. The Company anticipates that operating cash
flows, the ability to raise funds from external sources, borrowing capacity from existing committed credit
facilities and access to the commercial paper markets will continue to provide sufficient resources to fund
operating needs, including the Company’s remaining balance of approximately $4.2 billion related to talc matters
and the remaining approximately $1.5 billion to settle opioid litigation (See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional details). In addition, the Company monitors the global capital markets on an ongoing
basis and from time to time may raise capital when market conditions are favorable.

Subsequent to March 30, 2025, the Company paid approximately $3.0 billion to the U.S. Treasury, including $2.5
billion related to the final installment due on foreign undistributed earnings as part of the TCJA charge (see Note
1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 29, 2024) and $0.5 billion primarily
                                                                                                                   
  46                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents

related to the normal estimated payment for the fiscal first quarter of 2025. Additionally, the Company has paid
$0.6 billion in income related taxes net of refunds in foreign jurisdictions in the first three months of fiscal
2025.
                                                                                                                   
  Dividends                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
On January 2, 2025, the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of $1.24 per share, payable on March 4,
2025, to shareholders of record as of February 18, 2025.

On April 15, 2025, the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of $1.30 per share, payable on June 10,
2025, to shareholders of record as of May 27, 2025. The Company expects to continue the practice of paying regular
quarterly cash dividends.
                                                                                                                   
  Other information                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  New accounting pronouncements                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
Refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for new accounting pronouncements.
                                                                                                                   
  Economic and market factors                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
In July 2023, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Janssen) filed litigation against the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services as well as the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services challenging the constitutionality of the
IRA's Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. The litigation requests a declaration that the IRA violates
Janssen’s rights under the First Amendment and the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution and therefore that Janssen
is not subject to the IRA’s mandatory pricing scheme. The impact of the IRA on our business and the broader
pharmaceutical industry remains uncertain, as litigation filed by Janssen and other pharmaceutical companies
remains ongoing and while CMS has publicly announced the maximum fair price for each of the selected drugs,
implementation of the program is still in progress. In April 2024, Janssen appealed the district court’s denial of
its summary judgment motion to the Third Circuit.
                                                                                                                   
  Russia-Ukraine war                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Although the long-term implications of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine are difficult to predict at this time, the
financial impact of the conflict in the fiscal first quarter of 2025, including accounts receivable or inventory
reserves, was not material. As of the fiscal three months ending March 30, 2025, and the fiscal year ending
December 29, 2024, the business of the Company’s Russian subsidiaries represented less than 1% of the Company’s
consolidated assets and represented approximately 1% of revenues. The Company does not maintain Ukrainian
subsidiaries.

In March of 2022, the Company took steps to suspend all advertising, enrollment in clinical trials, and any
additional investment in Russia. The Company continues to supply products relied upon by patients for healthcare
purposes.
                                                                                                                   
  Conflict in the Middle East                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Although the long-term implications of the conflict in the Middle East are difficult to predict at this time, the
financial impact of the conflict in the fiscal first quarter of 2025, including accounts receivable or inventory
reserves, was not material. As of the fiscal three months ending March 30, 2025, and the fiscal year ending
December 29, 2024, the business of the Company’s Israel subsidiaries represented less than 1% of both Company’s
consolidated assets and revenues.
                                                                                                                   
  Other Macroeconomic Considerations                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
The Company operates in certain countries where the economic conditions continue to present significant challenges.
The Company continues to monitor these situations and take appropriate actions. Inflation rates and currency
exchange rates continue to have an effect on worldwide economies and, consequently, on the way the Company
operates. The Company has accounted for operations in Venezuela, Argentina, Turkey and Egypt (beginning in the
fiscal fourth quarter of 2024) as highly inflationary, as the prior three-year cumulative inflation rate surpassed
100%. In the face of increasing costs, the Company strives to maintain its profit margins through cost reduction
programs, productivity improvements and periodic price increases.

Governments around the world consider various proposals to make changes to tax laws, which may include increasing
or decreasing existing statutory tax rates. In connection with various government initiatives, companies are
required to disclose more information to tax authorities on operations around the world, which may lead to greater
audit scrutiny of profits earned in other countries.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q47                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents

A change in statutory tax rate in any country would result in the revaluation of the Company’s deferred tax assets
and liabilities related to that particular jurisdiction in the period in which the new tax law is enacted. This
change would result in an expense or benefit recorded to the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Earnings. The
Company closely monitors these proposals as they arise in the countries where it operates. Changes to the statutory
tax rate may occur at any time, and any related expense or benefit recorded may be material to the fiscal quarter
and year in which the law change is enacted.

The Company may be further impacted by the imposition of tariffs, trade protection measures or other policies
adopted by any jurisdiction that favor domestic companies and technologies over foreign competitors.

The Company faces various worldwide health care changes that may continue to result in pricing pressures that
include health care cost containment and government legislation relating to sales, promotions and reimbursement of
health care products.

Changes in the behavior and spending patterns of purchasers of healthcare products and services, including delaying
medical procedures, rationing prescription medications, reducing the frequency of physician visits and foregoing
healthcare insurance coverage, may continue to impact the Company’s businesses.

The Company faces regular intellectual property challenges from third parties, including generic and biosimilar
manufacturers, seeking to manufacture and market generic and biosimilar versions of key pharmaceutical products
prior to the expiration of the applicable patents. These challengers file Abbreviated New Drug Applications or
abbreviated Biologics License Applications with the FDA or otherwise challenged the coverage and/or validity of the
Company’s patents. In the event the Company is not successful in defending the patent claims challenged in the
resulting lawsuits, generic or biosimilar versions of the products at issue may be introduced to the market,
resulting in the potential for substantial market share and revenue losses for those products, and which may result
in a non-cash impairment charge in any associated intangible asset. There is also risk that one or more competitors
could launch a generic or biosimilar version of the product at issue following regulatory approval even though one
or more valid patents are in place.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 3 — Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk                                            │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
There has been no material change in the Company’s assessment of its sensitivity to market risk since its
presentation set forth in Item 7A, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk,” in its Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2024.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 4 — Controls and procedures                                                                               │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Disclosure controls and procedures. At the end of the period covered by this report, the Company evaluated the
effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures. The Company’s disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the
reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without
limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in
the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the
Company’s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing
similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Joaquin Duato, Chief
Executive Officer; Chairman, Executive Committee and Joseph J. Wolk, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer, reviewed and participated in this evaluation. Based on this evaluation, Messrs. Duato and Wolk concluded
that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were
effective.

Internal control. During the period covered by this report, there were no changes in the Company’s internal control
over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting. The Company continues to monitor and assess the effectiveness
of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures.

The Company is implementing a multi-year, enterprise-wide initiative to integrate, simplify and standardize
processes and systems for the human resources, information technology, procurement, supply chain and finance
functions. These are enhancements to support the growth of the Company’s financial shared service capabilities and
standardize financial systems. This initiative is not in response to any identified deficiency or weakness in the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting. In response to this initiative, the Company has and will
continue to align and streamline the design and operation of its financial control environment.
                                                                                                                   
  48                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents
╔═ § ═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║                                                                                                                 ║
║  Part II — Other information                                                                                    ║
║                                                                                                                 ║
╚═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 1 — Legal proceedings                                                                                     │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to Note 11 included in Part I, Item 1,
Financial Statements (unaudited) — Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 2 — Unregistered sales of equity securities and use of proceeds                                           │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
(c) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers.

The following table provides information with respect to Common Stock purchases by the Company during the fiscal
first quarter of 2025. Common stock purchases on the open market are made as part of a systematic plan to meet the
needs of the Company's compensation programs. The repurchases below also include the stock-for-stock option
exercises that settled in the fiscal first quarter.
                                                                                                                   
                                                                   Total Number of        Maximum Number of        
                         Total Number                              Shares                 Shares that May Yet      
  Fiscal Month Period    of Shares                   Avg. Price    Purchased as           Be Purchased Under       
                         Purchased(1)                 Per Share    Part of Publicly       the Plans or             
                                                                   Announced Plans        Programs                 
                                                                   or Programs                                     
  December 30, 2024                                                                                                
  through January 26,                     359,317        146.70                      —                          —  
  2025                                                                                                             
  January 27, 2025                                                                                                 
  through February                      6,291,084        153.52                      —                          —  
  23,                                                                                                              
  2025                                                                                                             
  February 24, 2025                                                                                                
  through March 30,                     6,729,499        164.80                      —                          —  
  2025                                                                                                             
  Total                                13,379,900        159.01                      —                          —  
                                                                                                                   
(1) During the fiscal first quarter of 2025, the Company repurchased an aggregate of 13,379,900 shares of Johnson &
Johnson Common Stock in open-market transactions, all of which were purchased as part of a systematic plan to meet
the needs of the Company’s compensation programs.
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q49                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 5 — Other information                                                                                     │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Securities trading plans of Directors and Executive Officers . During the fiscal first quarter of 2025, none of our
directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) informed us of the adoptionor terminationof
a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” each as defined in Item 408 of
Regulation S-K.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 6 — Exhibits                                                                                              │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Exhibit 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer under Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 — Filed with this document.

Exhibit 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer under Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 — Filed with this document.

Exhibit 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 —
Furnished with this document.

Exhibit 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 —
Furnished with this document.

Exhibit 101:
                                                                                                                   
  EX-101.INS      Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because   
                  its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document                                       
  EX-101.SCH      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema                                                            
  EX-101.CAL      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase                                              
  EX-101.LAB      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase                                                    
  EX-101.PRE      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase                                             
  EX-101.DEF      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document                                               
  Exhibit 104:    Cover Page Interactive Data File––the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the    
                  Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.        
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  50                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Tabl e of Contents
                                                                                                                   
   Signatures                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
                        
  Date: April 23, 2025  
 ────────────────────── 
                        
                        
  Date: April 23, 2025  
 ────────────────────── 
                        
                     
  JOHNSON & JOHNSON  
  (Registrant)       
                     
                                                                                                     
  By    /s/J. J. Wolk                                                                                
        J. J. Wolk, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)  
                                                                                                     
                                                                    
  By    /s/R. J. Decker Jr.                                         
        R. J. Decker Jr.,Controller (Principal Accounting Officer)  
                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
  Form 10-Q51                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
