UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (date of earliest event reported): September 29, 
2020 JPMorgan Chase & Co. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                                   
                                                                                                              
  Delaware                                    1-5805                                              13-2624428  
  (State or other jurisdiction of             -Commission File Number    -I.R.S. employer identification no.  
  incorporation or organization)                                                                              
  383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York                                                               10179  
  (Address of principal executive offices)                                                         -Zip Code  
                                                                                                              
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (212) 270-6000 Check the appropriate box below if the Form     
8-Kfiling is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following 
provisions:                                                                                                        
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                                                   
  Title of each class                              Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common stock                                     JPM                  The New York Stock Exchange                
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                           
  one-four hundredth interest in a share of        JPM PR G             The New York Stock Exchange                
  6.10% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series                                                                     
  AA                                                                                                               
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                           
  one-four hundredth interest in a share of        JPM PR H             The New York Stock Exchange                
  6.15% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series                                                                     
  BB                                                                                                               
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                           
  one-four hundredth interest in a share of        JPM PR D             The New York Stock Exchange                
  5.75% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series                                                                     
  DD                                                                                                               
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                           
  one-four hundredth interest in a share of        JPM PR C             The New York Stock Exchange                
  6.00% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series                                                                     
  EE                                                                                                               
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                           
  one-four hundredth interest in a share of        JPM PR J             The New York Stock Exchange                
  4.75% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series                                                                     
  GG                                                                                                               
  Alerian MLP Index ETNs due May 24, 2024          AMJ                  NYSE Arca, Inc.                            
  Guarantee of Callable Step-Up Fixed Rate                                                                         
  Notes due April 26, 2028 of JPMorgan             JPM/28               The New York Stock Exchange                
  Chase Financial Company LLC                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 
of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                            
  Item 8.01  Other Events.  
                            
JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“JPMC”) announced today that it had entered into a resolution with the U.S. Department of    
Justice (“DOJ”) and, along with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (the “Bank”) and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (“JPMS”),    
entered into a resolution with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”). JPMS also entered into a    
resolution with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Collectively, these agreements resolve those  
agencies’ respective investigations relating to historical trading practices by former employees in the precious   
metals and U.S. treasuries markets and related conduct during the 2008 to 2016 time period. JPMC entered into a    
Deferred Prosecution Agreement (“DPA”) with DOJ, in which it agreed to the filing of a criminal information        
charging JPMC with two counts of wire fraud and agreed, along with the Bank and JPMS (together with JPMC, the      
“Firm”), to certain terms and obligations as set forth therein. Under the terms of the DPA, which will be in effect
for three years, the criminal information will be dismissed after three years, provided that the Firm fully        
complies with all of its obligations. The DOJ acknowledged the Firm’s enhancements to its compliance program and   
the status of the Firm’s internal controls. Across the three resolutions with the DOJ, CFTC and SEC, the Firm has  
agreed to pay a total monetary amount of $920,203,609, approximately half of which has been reserved in previous   
quarters. A portion of the total monetary amount includes victim compensation payments. The complete agreements,   
including the Firm’s obligations under each, can be accessed at the DOJ, CFTC and SEC websites at www.justice.gov, 
www.cftc.govand www.sec.gov, respectively. A copy of the Firm’s press release relating to this announcement is     
attached as Exhibit 99 hereto.                                                                                     
                                                 
  Item 9.01.  Financial Statements and Exhibits  
                                                 
(d) Exhibits                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
  99     JPMorgan Chase & Co. press release dated September 29, 2020                                               
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  101    Pursuant to Rule 406 of Regulation S-T, the cover page is formatted in Inline XBRL (Inline eXtensible     
         Business Reporting Language).                                                                             
  104    Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101).  
                                                                                                                   
SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                     
          JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.                       
          -Registrant                                
  By:                           /s/ Jordan A. Costa  
  Name:                         Jordan A. Costa      
  Title:                        Managing Director    
                                                     
Dated: September 29, 2020                                                                                          
