                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              Washington, D.C. 20549                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934                                        
                                                                                                                   
                          Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): May 28, 2025                           
                                                                                                                   
                                               Meta Platforms, Inc.                                                
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                               
                                                                     
  Delaware                        001-35551      20-1665019          
  (State or Other Jurisdiction    -Commission    -IRS Employer       
  of Incorporation)               File Number    Identification No.  
                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                     1 Meta Way, Menlo Park, California 94025                                      
                                                                                                                   
                               (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code)                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                  ( 650) 543-4800                                                  
                                                                                                                   
                               (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                        N/A                                                        
                                                                                                                   
                           (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)                           
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
                                                                                                               
  ☐    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)                   
  ☐    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)                  
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                               
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                                                                         
  Title of each class                    Trading symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Class A Common Stock, $0.000006 par    META                 The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC                
  value                                                                                                  
                                                                                                         
                                                                                 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant                                  
  is an emerging growth company as defined in                                    
  Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933                                         
  (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the                                
  Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of                                 
  this chapter).                                                                 
                                                   Emerging growth company    ☐  
  If an emerging growth company, indicate by                                     
  check mark if the registrant has elected not to                                
  use the extended transition period for                                      ☐  
  complying with any new or revised financial                                    
  accounting standards provided pursuant to                                      
  Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.                                             
                                                                                 
Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

On May 28, 2025, Meta Platforms, Inc. (the "Company") held its annual meeting of shareholders via live audio
webcast (the "Annual Meeting"). At the Annual Meeting, the Company's shareholders voted on fourteen proposals, each
of which is described in more detail in the Company's definitive proxy statement filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on April 17, 2025 (the "Proxy Statement"). At the beginning of the Annual Meeting, there were
1,769,720,699 shares of Class A common stock and 342,865,499 shares of Class B common stock present or represented
by proxy at the Annual Meeting, which represented 92.61% of the combined voting power of the shares of Class A
common stock and Class B common stock entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting (voting together as a single class),
and which constituted a quorum for the transaction of business. Holders of the Company's Class A common stock were
entitled to one vote for each share held as of the close of business on April 1, 2025 (the "Record Date"), and
holders of the Company's Class B common stock were entitled to ten votes for each share held as of the Record Date.

The shareholders of the Company voted on the following proposals at the Annual Meeting:

1. To elect the fifteen directors nominated by the Company's board of directors, all of whom are currently serving
on the Company's board of directors, each to serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until his or
her successor has been elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation, or removal.

2. To ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm
for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025.

3. To approve the Company's 2025 Equity Incentive Plan.

4. A non-binding advisory vote on the compensation program for the Company's named executive officers as disclosed
in the Proxy Statement.

5. A non-binding advisory vote on whether a non-binding advisory vote on the compensation program for the Company's
named executive officers should be held every one, two or three years.

6. A shareholder proposal regarding dual class capital structure.

7. A shareholder proposal regarding disclosure of voting results based on class of shares.

8. A shareholder proposal regarding report on hate targeting marginalized communities.

9. A shareholder proposal regarding report on child safety impacts and actual harm reduction to children.

10. A shareholder proposal regarding report on risks of deepfakes in online child exploitation.

11. A shareholder proposal regarding report on AI data usage oversight.

12. A shareholder proposal regarding GHG emissions reduction actions.

13. A shareholder proposal regarding Bitcoin treasury assessment.

14. A shareholder proposal regarding report on data collection and advertising practices.
                                                                                                                   
  1.                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Election of Directors                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
                                                                             
  Nominee                            For       Withheld    Broker Non-Votes  
  Peggy Alford             4,293,835,996    699,767,025         204,772,865  
  Marc L. Andreessen       4,299,212,683    694,390,338         204,772,865  
  John Arnold              4,949,926,222     43,676,799         204,772,865  
  Patrick Collison         4,980,031,358     13,571,663         204,772,865  
  John Elkann              4,466,076,403    527,526,618         204,772,865  
  Andrew W. Houston        4,505,963,430    487,639,591         204,772,865  
  Nancy Killefer           4,943,033,689     50,569,332         204,772,865  
  Robert M. Kimmitt        4,888,979,218    104,623,803         204,772,865  
  Dina Powell McCormick    4,985,472,447      8,130,574         204,772,865  
  Charles Songhurst        4,976,317,168     17,285,853         204,772,865  
  Hock E. Tan              4,738,159,289    255,443,732         204,772,865  
  Tracey T. Travis         4,814,521,865    179,081,156         204,772,865  
  Dana White               4,973,980,488     19,622,533         204,772,865  
  Tony Xu                  4,506,029,633    487,573,388         204,772,865  
  Mark Zuckerberg          4,626,960,113    366,642,908         204,772,865  
                                                                             
Each of the fifteen nominees for director was elected to serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders and
until his or her successor has been elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation, or
removal.

2. Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
                                              
  For                 Against    Abstentions  
  5,163,314,157    33,910,782      1,150,947  
                                              
There were no broker non-votes on this proposal.

The shareholders ratified the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as the Company's independent registered public
accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2025.
                                                                                                                   
  3.                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Approval of 2025 Equity Incentive Plan                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                                     
  For                    Against    Abstentions    Broker Non-Votes  
  3,753,643,849    1,235,628,986      4,330,186         204,772,865  
                                                                     
The shareholders approved the Company's 2025 Equity Incentive Plan.
4. Non-Binding Advisory Vote on the Compensation Program for the Company's Named Executive Officers
                                                                   
  For                  Against    Abstentions    Broker Non-Votes  
  4,466,829,916    521,809,410      4,963,695         204,772,865  
                                                                   
The shareholders approved, on a non-binding advisory basis, the compensation program for the Company's named
executive officers as disclosed in the Proxy Statement.

5. Non-Binding Advisory Vote on the Frequency of an Advisory Vote on the Compensation Program for the Company's
Named Executive Officers
                                                                                  
  One Year         Two Years      Three Years    Abstentions    Broker Non-Votes  
  1,448,611,643    1,295,109    3,542,118,864      1,577,405         204,772,865  
                                                                                  
The shareholders approved, on a non-binding advisory basis, holding a non-binding advisory vote on the compensation
program for the Company's named executive officers every three years. Based on these results and consistent with
the Company's recommendation, the Company's board of directors has determined that the Company will conduct future
shareholder advisory votes on the compensation program for its named executive officers once every three years.
This policy will remain in effect until the next shareholder vote on the frequency of shareholder advisory votes on
the compensation program for the named executive officers, expected to be held at the Company's 2031 annual meeting
of shareholders.

6. Shareholder Proposal Regarding Dual Class Capital Structure
                                                                     
  For                    Against    Abstentions    Broker Non-Votes  
  1,286,629,335    3,701,609,499      5,364,187         204,772,865  
                                                                     
The shareholders did not approve the shareholder proposal regarding dual class capital structure.

7. Shareholder Proposal Regarding Disclosure of Voting Results Based on Class of Shares
                                                                     
  For                    Against    Abstentions    Broker Non-Votes  
  1,028,098,566    3,959,996,157      5,508,298         204,772,865  
                                                                     
The shareholders did not approve the shareholder proposal regarding disclosure of voting results based on class of
shares.

8. Shareholder Proposal Regarding Report on Hate Targeting Marginalized Communities
                                                                   
  For                  Against    Abstentions    Broker Non-Votes  
  727,562,405    4,253,031,703     13,008,913         204,772,865  
                                                                   
The shareholders did not approve the shareholder proposal regarding report on hate targeting marginalized
communities.

9. Shareholder Proposal Regarding Report on Child Safety Impacts and Actual Harm Reduction to Children
                                                                   
  For                  Against    Abstentions    Broker Non-Votes  
  669,263,526    4,314,033,460     10,306,035         204,772,865  
                                                                   
The shareholders did not approve the shareholder proposal regarding report on child safety impacts and actual harm
reduction to children.

10. Shareholder Proposal Regarding Report on Risks of Deepfakes in Online Child Exploitation
                                                                   
  For                  Against    Abstentions    Broker Non-Votes  
  321,216,126    4,655,739,520     16,647,375         204,772,865  
                                                                   
The shareholders did not approve the shareholder proposal regarding report on risks of deepfakes in online child
exploitation.

11. Shareholder Proposal Regarding Report on AI Data Usage Oversight
                                                                   
  For                  Against    Abstentions    Broker Non-Votes  
  493,907,562    4,480,980,438     18,715,021         204,772,865  
                                                                   
The shareholders did not approve the shareholder proposal regarding report on AI data usage oversight.

12. Shareholder Proposal Regarding GHG Emissions Reduction Actions
                                                                   
  For                  Against    Abstentions    Broker Non-Votes  
  161,819,547    4,813,205,098     18,578,376         204,772,865  
                                                                   
The shareholders did not approve the shareholder proposal regarding GHG emissions reduction actions.

13. Shareholder Proposal Regarding Bitcoin Treasury Assessment
                                                                 
  For                Against    Abstentions    Broker Non-Votes  
  3,916,871    4,980,828,562      8,857,588         204,772,865  
                                                                 
The shareholders did not approve the shareholder proposal regarding Bitcoin treasury assessment.

14. Shareholder Proposal Regarding Report on Data Collection and Advertising Practices
                                                                   
  For                  Against    Abstentions    Broker Non-Votes  
  540,736,457    4,439,322,426     13,544,138         204,772,865  
                                                                   
The shareholders did not approve the shareholder proposal regarding report on data collection and advertising
practices.
                                                                                                                   
  Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
(d) Exhibits
                                                                                                                   
  Exhibit Number    Exhibit Title or Description                                                                   
  104               Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the inline      
                    XBRL document)                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                    SIGNATURES                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                                             
                                     META PLATFORMS, INC.                    
  Date:    May 30, 2025    By:       /s/ Katherine R. Kelly                  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                           Name:     Katherine R. Kelly                      
                           Title:    Vice President and Corporate Secretary  
                                                                             
