                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                               WASHINGTON, DC 20549                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                      Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                          Securities Exchange Act of 1934                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                   July 28, 2023                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                 Johnson & Johnson                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                               
                                                                                                  
  New Jersey                         1-3215                     22-1024240                        
  (State or Other Jurisdiction of    -Commission File Number    -IRS Employer Identification No.  
  Incorporation)                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
                           One Johnson & Johnson Plaza, New Brunswick, New Jersey 08933                            
                                                                                                                   
                                     (Address of Principal Executive Offices)                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                    (Zip Code)                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                Registrant's telephone number, including area code:                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                   732- 524-0400                                                   
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

☒Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

☐Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

☐Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17

CFR 240.14d-2(b))

☐Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17

CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2
of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                                                                    
  Title of each class               Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common Stock, Par Value $1.00     JNJ                  New York Stock Exchange                    
  0.650% Notes Due May 2024         JNJ24C               New York Stock Exchange                    
  5.50% Notes Due November 2024     JNJ24BP              New York Stock Exchange                    
  1.150% Notes Due November 2028    JNJ28                New York Stock Exchange                    
  1.650% Notes Due May 2035         JNJ35                New York Stock Exchange                    
                                                                                                    
Item 5.04 Temporary Suspension of Trading Under Registrant’s Employee Benefit Plans

On July 28, 2023, Johnson & Johnson sent a notice (the “Blackout Notice”) to its directors and executive officers
informing them that, in connection with Johnson & Johnson’s offer (the “Offer”) to exchange 1,533,830,450 shares of
common stock of Kenvue Inc. that it owns for outstanding shares of common stock of Johnson & Johnson (“Johnson &
Johnson Shares”), a blackout period may be imposed, during which they will be subject to certain trading
restrictions with respect to Johnson & Johnson Shares. The blackout period will be imposed if fifty percent or more
of the participants or beneficiaries in the Johnson & Johnson Savings Plan, Johnson & Johnson Retirement Savings
Plan and any other “individual account plan”, as defined in Regulation BTR (collectively, the “Plans”) direct the
trustee for the applicable Plan (or its designated agent) to exchange some or all of the Johnson & Johnson Shares
held in the Johnson & Johnson Stock Fund (through which participants may invest a portion of their Plan account
balance in Johnson & Johnson Shares) attributable to their Plan accounts. The reason for the potential blackout
period is that participants in the Plans who tender their Johnson & Johnson Shares will be unable, during a short
period of time, to exchange or withdraw their account balances in the Johnson & Johnson Stock Fund or take certain
other actions.

Section 306(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Regulation BTR (i.e., the Blackout Trading Restriction),
promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, generally impose certain restrictions on trading in company
securities by directors and executive officers in the event that fifty percent or more of an issuer’s plan
participants are so restricted. During the blackout (if it occurs), subject to certain limited exemptions,
directors and executive officers will be prohibited from directly or indirectly purchasing, selling, acquiring or
transferring any Johnson & Johnson Shares or derivative securities with respect to Johnson & Johnson Shares
acquired in connection with their service or employment as a director or executive officer of Johnson & Johnson,
except that directors and executive officers will have the opportunity to exchange Johnson & Johnson Shares in the
Offer. The blackout for the Johnson & Johnson Stock Fund (if it occurs) is expected to begin on August 15, 2023 at
4:00 p.m. Eastern Time and to continue through the week of August 28, 2023 (assuming no extension of the Offer).

During the blackout and for up to two years following the ending date of the blackout, shareholders or other
interested parties may obtain, without charge, the actual beginning and ending dates of the blackout. Any inquiries
regarding the blackout may be directed to:
                                                 Johnson & Johnson                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                            One Johnson & Johnson Plaza                                            
                                                                                                                   
                                          New Brunswick, New Jersey 08933                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                          Attention: Corporate Secretary                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                         Telephone Number: (732) 524-0400                                          
A copy of the Blackout Notice is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference.
                                                                                                                   
  Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
(d) Exhibits.
                                                                                                 
  Exhibit No.    Description of Exhibit                                                          
  99.1           Blackout Notice, dated July 28, 2023.                                           
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  104            The cover page from this Current Report on Form 8-K, formatted in Inline XBRL.  
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                    SIGNATURES                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                                      
                            Johnson & Johnson    (Registrant)         
  Date:    July 28, 2023    By:                  /s/ Marc Larkins     
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                 Marc Larkins         
                                                 Corporate Secretary  
                                                                      
