UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section  
13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): May 3, 2023   
Johnson & Johnson (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                                           
                                                                                                  
  New Jersey                         1-3215                     22-1024240                        
  (State or Other Jurisdiction of    -Commission File Number    -IRS Employer Identification No.  
  Incorporation)                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
One Johnson & Johnson Plaza, New Brunswick, New Jersey 08933 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)   
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: 732- 524-0400 Check the appropriate box below if the Form      
8-Kfiling is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following 
provisions:                                                                                                        
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2of
this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant   
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:                                                                                                        
                                                                                                    
  Title of each class               Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common Stock, Par Value $1.00     JNJ                  New York Stock Exchange                    
  0.650% Notes Due May 2024         JNJ24C               New York Stock Exchange                    
  5.50% Notes Due November 2024     JNJ24BP              New York Stock Exchange                    
  1.150% Notes Due November 2028    JNJ28                New York Stock Exchange                    
  1.650% Notes Due May 2035         JNJ35                New York Stock Exchange                    
                                                                                                    
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On May 8, 2023, Kenvue Inc., a Delaware corporation          
(“Kenvue”), completed its previously announced initial public offering (the “IPO”) of 198,734,444 shares of its    
common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the “Kenvue Common Stock”), including the underwriters’ full exercise of  
their option to purchase 25,921,884 shares to cover over-allotments, at an initial public offering price of $22.00 
per share for net proceeds of $4,241 million. Prior to the IPO, Kenvue was a wholly owned subsidiary of Johnson &  
Johnson. Pursuant to the Separation Agreement (as defined below), the net proceeds from the IPO will be paid to    
Johnson & Johnson as partial consideration for the consumer health business that Johnson & Johnson transferred to  
Kenvue in connection with the IPO (the “Consumer Health Business”). As of the closing of the IPO, Johnson & Johnson
owns 1,716,160,000 shares of Kenvue Common Stock, or approximately 89.6% of the total outstanding shares of Kenvue 
Common Stock, and will continue to consolidate the financial results of Kenvue. Separation Agreement In connection 
with the IPO and as previously contemplated by, and described in, the Registration Statement on Form S-1,as amended
(File No. 333-269115),filed by Kenvue with the Securities and Exchange Commission and declared effective on May 3, 
2023 (the “Registration Statement”), Johnson & Johnson and Kenvue entered into a separation agreement (the         
“Separation Agreement”) on May 3, 2023. The Separation Agreement sets forth certain agreements between Johnson &   
Johnson and Kenvue regarding, among other matters:                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
  ☐    the principal corporate actions and internal reorganization pursuant to which Johnson & Johnson             
       transferred the Consumer Health Business to Kenvue;                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                  
  ☐    the allocation of assets and liabilities to Johnson & Johnson and Kenvue;  
                                                                                  
                                                                                                    
  ☐    Johnson & Johnson’s and Kenvue’s respective rights and obligations with respect to the IPO;  
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
  ☐    certain matters with respect to any subsequent distribution or other disposition by Johnson & Johnson of    
       the shares of Kenvue Common Stock owned by Johnson & Johnson following the IPO (the “Distribution”); and    
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                              
  ☐    other agreements governing aspects of Kenvue’s relationship with Johnson & Johnson following the IPO.  
                                                                                                              
For further details regarding the Separation Agreement, see the description set forth in the section entitled      
“Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions” in the Registration Statement. The foregoing description of
the Separation Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full 
text of the Separation Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated herein by reference.   
Related Agreements In connection with the IPO and as previously contemplated by, and described in, the Registration
Statement, Johnson & Johnson and Kenvue, or subsidiaries of each party, also entered into various other material   
agreements. These agreements were entered into on May 3, 2023, unless otherwise indicated, and consist of the      
following:                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
       a tax matters agreement, which governs Johnson & Johnson’s and Kenvue’s respective rights,                  
  ☐    responsibilities and obligations with respect to all tax matters, including tax liabilities, tax            
       attributes, tax contests and tax returns;                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
       an employee matters agreement, which addresses certain employment, compensation and benefits matters,       
  ☐    including the allocation and treatment of certain assets and liabilities relating to Kenvue’s employees     
       and compensation and benefit plans and programs in which Kenvue’s employees participate prior to the date   
       of the Distribution, if pursued;                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
       an intellectual property agreement, which governs Johnson & Johnson’s and Kenvue’s respective rights,       
  ☐    responsibilities and obligations with respect to intellectual property matters, excluding certain           
       intellectual property matters with respect to trademarks;                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
       a trademark phase-out license agreement, dated as of April 3, 2023, and pursuant to which Johnson &         
       Johnson granted to Kenvue a license to use certain trademarks owned by Johnson & Johnson on a transitional  
  ☐    basis following the completion of the IPO; and                                                              
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
       a registration rights agreement, pursuant to which Kenvue granted to Johnson & Johnson certain              
  ☐    registration rights with respect to the shares of Kenvue Common Stock owned by Johnson & Johnson following  
       the completion of the IPO.                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
For further details regarding the foregoing agreements, see the descriptions of such agreements set forth in the   
section entitled “Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions” in the Registration Statement. The        
foregoing descriptions of these agreements do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by    
reference to the full text of these agreements, which are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.2, 10.3, 10.4, 10.5 and   
10.6, respectively, and incorporated herein by reference. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d)         
Exhibits.                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
  Exhibit No.    Description of Exhibit                                                                            
  10.1           Separation Agreement, dated as of May 3, 2023, by and between Johnson & Johnson and Kenvue Inc.   
  10.2           Tax Matters Agreement, dated as of May 3, 2023, by and between Johnson & Johnson and Kenvue Inc.  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  10.3           Employee Matters Agreement, dated as of May 3, 2023, by and between Johnson & Johnson and Kenvue  
                 Inc.                                                                                              
  10.4           Intellectual Property Agreement, dated as of May 3, 2023, by and between Johnson & Johnson and    
                 Kenvue Inc.                                                                                       
  10.5           Trademark Phase-Out License Agreement, dated as of April 3, 2023, by and between Johnson &        
                 Johnson and Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc.                                                       
  10.6           Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 3, 2023, by and between Johnson & Johnson and      
                 Kenvue Inc.                                                                                       
  104            The cover page from this Current Report on Form 8-K, formatted in Inline XBRL.                    
                                                                                                                   
SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                                           
                                         Johnson & Johnson                 
                                         (Registrant)                      
  Date:            May 8, 2023    By:    /s/ Marc Larkins                  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                         Marc Larkins Corporate Secretary  
                                                                           
