                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                               WASHINGTON, DC 20549                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                      Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                          Securities Exchange Act of 1934                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                 November 30, 2023                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                 Johnson & Johnson                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                               
                                                                                                  
  New Jersey                         1-3215                     22-1024240                        
  (State or Other Jurisdiction of    -Commission File Number    -IRS Employer Identification No.  
  Incorporation)                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
                           One Johnson & Johnson Plaza, New Brunswick, New Jersey 08933                            
                                                                                                                   
                                     (Address of Principal Executive Offices)                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                    (Zip Code)                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                Registrant's telephone number, including area code:                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                   732- 524-0400                                                   
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17

CFR 240.14d-2(b))

☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17

CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2
of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                                                                    
  Title of each class               Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common Stock, Par Value $1.00     JNJ                  New York Stock Exchange                    
  0.650% Notes Due May 2024         JNJ24C               New York Stock Exchange                    
  5.50% Notes Due November 2024     JNJ24BP              New York Stock Exchange                    
  1.150% Notes Due November 2028    JNJ28                New York Stock Exchange                    
  1.650% Notes Due May 2035         JNJ35                New York Stock Exchange                    
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
  Item 8.01 Other Events                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
Today, the Company announced its acquisition of Laminar, Inc. As a result of the acquisition, Johnson & Johnson
will be adjusting its expected Adjusted Fiscal Year 2023 EPS. The asset acquisition will require an in-process
research and development charge which will reduce operational and reported Adjusted EPS by approximately $0.17 from
guidance previously issued. The new expected operational and reported Adjusted EPS ranges are now $9.85 to $9.91
and $9.90 to $9.96, respectively. Additionally, the asset acquisition is expected to have an approximate negative
$0.15 EPS impact in fiscal year 2024.

The Company’s press release announcing the acquisition is attached to this Report as Exhibit 99.1.

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements regarding the acquisition of Laminar, Inc. and
its expected effect on our financial results. The reader is cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking
statements. These statements are based on current expectations of future events. If underlying assumptions prove
inaccurate or known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results could vary materially from our
current expectations and projections. A further list and descriptions of these risks, uncertainties and other
factors can be found in Johnson & Johnson’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2023,
including in the sections captioned “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Item 1A. Risk
Factors,” and in Johnson & Johnson’s subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. Copies of these filings are available online at www.sec.gov, www.jnj.com or on
request from Johnson & Johnson. Any forward-looking statement made in this release speaks only as of the date of
this release. Johnson & Johnson does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new
information or future events or developments.
                                                                                                                   
  Non-GAAP Financial Measures                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
This Current Report on Form 8-K includes Adjusted EPS, which represents a non-GAAP financial measure. The Company
believes that providing this non-GAAP financial measure enhances the Company’s and investors’ understanding of our
financial performance. Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to,
financial measures determined or calculated in accordance with GAAP. The Company’s definitions of its non-GAAP
financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. The most
directly comparable GAAP measure to Adjusted EPS is earnings per share, or EPS. The Company is not providing a
reconciliation of Adjusted EPS to EPS, however, because Johnson & Johnson does not provide GAAP financial measures
on a forward-looking basis as the Company is unable to predict with reasonable certainty the ultimate outcome of
adjusted items, such as legal proceedings, unusual gains and losses, acquisition-related expenses, and purchase
accounting fair value adjustments without unreasonable effort. These items are uncertain, depend on various
factors, and could be material to Johnson & Johnson's results computed in accordance with GAAP.
                                                                                                                   
  Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
(d) Exhibits.
                                                                                                 
  Exhibit No.    Description of Exhibit                                                          
  99.1           Press Release dated November 30, 2023                                           
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  104            The cover page from this Current Report on Form 8-K, formatted in Inline XBRL.  
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                    SIGNATURES                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                                  
           November 30,    Johnson &         (Registrant)         
  Date:    2023            Johnson    By:    /s/ Marc Larkins     
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                             Marc Larkins         
                                             Corporate Secretary  
                                                                  
