                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                               WASHINGTON, DC 20549                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                      Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                          Securities Exchange Act of 1934                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported):                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                 November 21, 2023                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                 Johnson & Johnson                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                               
                                                                                                  
  New Jersey                         1-3215                     22-1024240                        
  (State or Other Jurisdiction of    -Commission File Number    -IRS Employer Identification No.  
  Incorporation)                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
                           One Johnson & Johnson Plaza, New Brunswick, New Jersey 08933                            
                                                                                                                   
                                     (Address of Principal Executive Offices)                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                    (Zip Code)                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                Registrant's telephone number, including area code:                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                   732- 524-0400                                                   
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17

CFR 240.14d-2(b))

☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17

CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2
of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                                                                    
  Title of each class               Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common Stock, Par Value $1.00     JNJ                  New York Stock Exchange                    
  0.650% Notes Due May 2024         JNJ24C               New York Stock Exchange                    
  5.50% Notes Due November 2024     JNJ24BP              New York Stock Exchange                    
  1.150% Notes Due November 2028    JNJ28                New York Stock Exchange                    
  1.650% Notes Due May 2035         JNJ35                New York Stock Exchange                    
                                                                                                    
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;
Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On November 21, 2023, the Compensation & Benefits Committee (the “Committee”) of the Board of Directors of Johnson
& Johnson (the “Company”) approved the adoption of the Johnson & Johnson Deferred Compensation Plan (the “Plan”).
The Plan is an unfunded, nonqualified deferred compensation plan that provides eligible management and other
highly-compensated employees (including named executive officers) with the opportunity to defer, on a pre-tax
basis, up to 50% of their base salary and up to 100% of their annual cash performance bonus to be earned in the
following year. Participants will be fully vested at all times in their account within the Plan. The Plan does not
provide for matching or discretionary Company contributions. Payments of deferred amounts, together with deemed
investment return (positive or negative), will generally be made following a participant’s separation from service
with the Company or at an earlier in-service payment date elected by the participant.

The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Plan, a copy of which is attached hereto
as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated into this Current Report on Form 8-K by reference.

In connection with the adoption of the Plan, the Committee also approved the following modifications to the Johnson
& Johnson Executive Income Deferral Plan (the “EIDP”): after the date of adoption of the Plan, no further initial
deferral elections may be made under the EIDP; subject to compliance with applicable tax rules, EIDP participants
may change the time and/or form of payment of their EIDP account balances to those available under the Plan; and
the notional investment alternatives under the Plan will also apply to amounts deferred under the EIDP.
                                                                                                                   
  Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
(d) Exhibits.
                                                                                                 
  Exhibit No.    Description of Exhibit                                                          
  10.1           Johnson & Johnson Deferred Compensation Plan                                    
  104            The cover page from this Current Report on Form 8-K, formatted in Inline XBRL.  
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                    SIGNATURES                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                                  
           November 27,    Johnson &         (Registrant)         
  Date:    2023            Johnson    By:    /s/ Marc Larkins     
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                             Marc Larkins         
                                             Corporate Secretary  
                                                                  
