UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section
13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) January 18,    
2022 ( January 18, 2022) Microsoft Corporation (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)              
                                                                                               
  Washington                        001-37845                 91-1144442                       
  (State or other jurisdictionof    -CommissionFile Number    -IRS EmployerIdentification No.  
  incorporation)                                                                               
                                                                                               
                                                          
  One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington      98052-6399  
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)    -Zip Code   
                                                          
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 425) 882-8080 www.microsoft.com/investor Check the           
appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the    
registrant under any of the following provisions ( seeGeneral Instruction A.2. below):                             
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                 
  Title of each class                        Trading      Name of each exchange  
                                             Symbol(s)    on which registered    
  Common stock, $0.00000625 par value per    MSFT         NASDAQ                 
  share                                                                          
  3.125% Notes due 2028                      MSFT         NASDAQ                 
  2.625% Notes due 2033                      MSFT         NASDAQ                 
                                                                                 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 
of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                                                                                                                   
Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. On January 18, 2022, Microsoft Corporation (“ Microsoft”) issued a press       
release announcing that it had entered into a definitive agreement pursuant to which Microsoft will acquire        
Activision Blizzard, Inc. (“ Activision Blizzard”) for $95.00 per share in an all-cashtransaction valued at $68.7  
billion, inclusive of Activision Blizzard’s net cash. The full text of the press release is attached as Exhibit    
99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. On and after January 18, 2022, representatives of Microsoft and      
Activision Blizzard will present information about the transaction to various investors. The presentation will     
include the slides attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and incorporated by reference herein. In accordance with General
Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the informationin this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit99.1 and Exhibit  
99.2, shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as      
amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be incorporated 
by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 
or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. Item 9.01        
Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits.                                                                   
                                                                                              
  Exhibit No.    Description                                                                  
  99.1           Press Release, dated January 18, 2022                                        
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  99.2           Investor Presentation                                                        
  104            Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)  
                                                                                              
SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                   
                            MICROSOFT CORPORATION  
                            (Registrant)           
  Date: January 18, 2022    /s/ Keith R. Dolliver  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                            Keith R. Dolliver      
                            Assistant Secretary    
                                                   
