UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION  
13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) December 13,   
2022 Microsoft Corporation                                                                                         
                                                                                                  
  Washington                         001-37845                  91-1144442                        
  (State or Other Jurisdiction of    -Commission File Number    -IRS Employer Identification No.  
  Incorporation)                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
                                                        
  One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington    98052-6399  
                                                        
( 425) 882-8080 www.microsoft.com/investor Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to   
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General  
Instruction A.2. below):                                                                                           
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                                     
  Title of each class                        Trading Symbol    Name of exchange on which registered  
  COMMON STOCK, $0.00000625 par value per    MSFT              NASDAQ                                
  share                                                                                              
  3.125% Notes due 2028                      MSFT              NASDAQ                                
  2.625% Notes due 2033                      MSFT              NASDAQ                                
                                                                                                     
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 
of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has Re-elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                                                                                                                   
Item 5.07. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders On December 13, 2022, Microsoft Corporation (the    
“Company”) held its 2022 Annual Shareholders Meeting (the “Annual Meeting”). There were 7,456,502,484 shares of    
common stock entitled to be voted at the Annual Meeting, of which 6,407,164,715 were voted in person or by proxy.  
The results for each item submitted for a vote of shareholders are as follows. The shareholders: (1) Voted to elect
each of the twelve (12) nominees for director. (2) Approved, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the         
Company’s named executive officers. (3) Voted to ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Company’s  
independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2023. (4) Did not approve a shareholder proposal     
concerning a cost/benefit analysis of diversity and inclusion. (5) Did not approve a shareholder proposal          
concerning a report on hiring of persons with arrest or incarceration records. (6) Did not approve a shareholder   
proposal concerning a report on investment of retirement funds in companies contributing to climate change (7) Did 
not approve a shareholder proposal concerning a report ongovernment use of Microsoft technology. (8) Did not       
approve a shareholder proposal concerning a report on development of products for the military. (9) Did not approve
a shareholder proposal concerning a report on tax transparency. The Company’s inspector of election certified the  
following vote tabulations: Election of Directors                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
  Director              Vote Results    % Votes                 For        Against       Abstain           Broker  
                                            For                                                         Non-Votes  
  Reid G. Hoffman       Re-elected        99.36  %    5,160,882,524     33,174,425     7,489,821    1,205,617,945  
  Hugh F. Johnston      Re-elected        97.22  %    5,049,948,273    144,383,497     7,215,000    1,205,617,945  
  Teri L. List          Re-elected        98.11  %    5,096,798,624     97,765,350     6,982,796    1,205,617,945  
  Satya Nadella         Re-elected        94.81  %    4,910,653,831    268,298,408    22,594,531    1,205,617,945  
  Sandra E. Peterson    Re-elected        97.93  %    5,087,619,318    107,175,209     6,752,243    1,205,617,945  
  Penny S. Pritzker     Re-elected        99.62  %    5,175,115,956     19,592,685     6,838,129    1,205,617,945  
  Carlos A.             Re-elected        99.53  %    5,170,479,184     23,953,746     7,113,840    1,205,617,945  
  Rodriguez                                                                                                        
  Charles W. Scharf     Re-elected        98.62  %    5,122,800,449     71,604,817     7,141,504    1,205,617,945  
  John W. Stanton       Re-elected        99.50  %    5,168,492,930     25,964,121     7,089,719    1,205,617,945  
  John W. Thompson      Re-elected        98.77  %    5,099,883,372     63,367,837    38,295,561    1,205,617,945  
  Emma N. Walmsley      Re-elected        98.65  %    5,125,070,256     69,672,875     6,803,639    1,205,617,945  
  Padmasree Warrior     Re-elected        98.64  %    5,124,164,692     70,387,897     6,994,181    1,205,617,945  
                                                                                                                   
Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation                                                      
                                                                                                
  Vote result    % Votes For                 For        Against       Abstain           Broker  
                                                                                     Non-Votes  
  Approved             88.84  %    4,592,889,815    576,592,671    32,064,284    1,205,617,945  
                                                                                                
Ratification of Appointment of Independent Auditor for Fisal Year 2023                                             
                                                                                            
  Vote result    % Votes For                 For        Against       Abstain    Broker     
                                                                                 Non-Votes  
  Approved             95.37  %    6,090,828,328    295,468,078    20,868,309    N/A        
                                                                                            
Shareholder Proposal: Cost/Benefit Analysis of Diversity and Inclusion                                             
                                                                                                
  Vote result     % Votes For              For          Against       Abstain           Broker  
                                                                                     Non-Votes  
  Not approved           1.26  %    65,452,580    5,096,572,869    39,521,321    1,205,617,945  
                                                                                                
Shareholder Proposal: Report on Hiring of Persons with Arrest or Incarceration Records                             
                                                                                                 
  Vote result     % Votes For               For          Against       Abstain           Broker  
                                                                                      Non-Votes  
  Not approved          10.93  %    561,881,321    4,575,515,870    64,149,579    1,205,617,945  
                                                                                                 
Shareholder Proposal: Report on Investment of Retirement Funds in Companies Contributing to Climate Change         
                                                                                                  
  Vote result     % Votes For               For          Against        Abstain           Broker  
                                                                                       Non-Votes  
  Not approved          11.21  %    558,833,392    4,423,581,196    219,132,182    1,205,617,945  
                                                                                                  
Shareholder Proposal: Report on Government Use of Microsoft Technology                                             
                                                                                                   
  Vote result     % Votes For                 For          Against       Abstain           Broker  
                                                                                        Non-Votes  
  Not approved          20.43  %    1,052,632,888    4,099,222,359    49,691,523    1,205,617,945  
                                                                                                   
Shareholder Proposal: Report on Development of Products for Military                                               
                                                                                                 
  Vote result     % Votes For               For          Against       Abstain           Broker  
                                                                                      Non-Votes  
  Not approved          10.52  %    538,430,806    4,575,935,372    87,180,592    1,205,617,945  
                                                                                                 
Shareholder Proposal: Report on Tax Transparency                                                                   
                                                                                                   
  Vote result     % Votes For                 For          Against       Abstain           Broker  
                                                                                        Non-Votes  
  Not approved          22.97  %    1,188,222,206    3,982,547,802    30,776,762    1,205,617,945  
                                                                                                   
SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                    
                             MICROSOFT CORPORATION  
                             (Registrant)           
  Date: December 16, 2022    /s/ Keith R. Dolliver  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                             Keith R. Dolliver      
                             Assistant Secretary    
                                                    
