Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              Washington, D.C. 20549                                               
                                                                                                                   
                        ___________________________________________________________________                        
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 10-K                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                        ___________________________________________________________________                        
(Mark One)
                                                                                             
  ☒    ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                    For the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                        OR                                                         
                                                                                                 
  ☐    TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                          FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                        TO                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                         Commission File Number 001-38865                                          
                                                                                                                   
                        ___________________________________________________________________                        
                                                                                                                   
                                          Zoom Video Communications, Inc.                                          
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its Charter)                               
                                                                                                                   
                        ___________________________________________________________________                        
                                                           
  Delaware                             61-1648780          
  (State or other jurisdiction         -I.R.S. Employer    
  of incorporation or organization)    Identification No.  
                                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                              55 Almaden Boulevard, 6                                              
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     th Floor                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                            San Jose, California 95113                                             
                                                                                                                   
                               (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code)                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                  (888) 799-9666                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                               (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)                                
                                                                                                                   
                        ___________________________________________________________________                        
                                                                                                                   
                            Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                            
                                                                                                            
  Title of each class                       Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Class A Common Stock, $0.001 par value    ZM                   The Nasdaq Global Select Market            
  per share                                                                                                 
                                                                                                            
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”). Yes ☐ No☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or
15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes☒ No
☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to
be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated
filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.
                                                                  
  Large accelerated filer    ☒    Accelerated filer            ☐  
  Non-accelerated filer      ☐    Smaller reporting company    ☐  
  Emerging growth company    ☐                                    
                                                                  
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act . ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment
of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).
Yes ☐No ☒

The aggregate market value of the registrant's Class A common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based
on the closing price of a share of the registrant's Class A common stock on July 30, 2021 as reported by the Nasdaq
Global Select Market on such date was approximately $ 93.2billion. This calculation does not reflect a
determination that certain persons are affiliates of the registrant for any other purpose.
As of February 18, 2022, the number of shares of the registrant’s Class A common stock outstanding was
247,289,260and the number of shares of the registrant’s Class B common stock outstanding was 51,834,703.
Table of Contents
                                        DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE                                        
Portions of the registrant's definitive Proxy Statement relating to the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are
incorporated herein by references in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the extent stated herein. Such
Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the registrant's
fiscal year ended January 31, 2022.

Auditor Name: KPMG LLPAuditor Location: San Francisco, CaliforniaAuditor Firm ID: 185

Table of Contents
                                                 TABLE OF CONTENTS                                                 
                                                                                                                   
              Part I                                                                                         Page  
  Item 1.     Business                                                                                          6  
  Item 1A.    Risk Factors                                                                                     12  
  Item 1B.    Unresolved Staff Comments                                                                        42  
  Item 2.     Properties                                                                                       42  
  Item 3.     Legal Proceedings                                                                                42  
  Item 4.     Mine Safety Disclosures                                                                          42  
              Part II                                                                                              
  Item 5.     Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of      43  
              Equity Securities                                                                                    
  Item 6.     [Reserved]                                                                                       44  
  Item 7.     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations            44  
  Item 7A.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk                                       57  
  Item 8.     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                                                      59  
  Item 9.     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure             93  
  Item 9A.    Controls and Procedures                                                                          93  
  Item 9B.    Other Information                                                                                93  
  Item 9C.    Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections                              93  
              Part III                                                                                             
  Item 10.    Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance                                           94  
  Item 11.    Executive Compensation                                                                           94  
  Item 12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder           94  
              Matters                                                                                              
  Item 13.    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence                        94  
  Item 14.    Principal Accountant Fees and Services                                                           94  
              Part IV                                                                                              
  Item 15.    Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules                                                          94  
  Item 16.    Form 10-K Summary                                                                                96  
              Signatures                                                                                       97  
                                                                                                                   
                                                         2                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS                                 
                                                                                                                   
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the “Exchange Act”), which statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements other
than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements regarding
our future results of operations or financial condition; business strategy and plans; and objectives of management
for future operations, including our statements regarding the benefits and timing of the roll out of new
technology, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they
contain words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “contemplate,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,”
“may,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “target,” “will,” or “would” or the negative of these
words or other similar terms or expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form
10-K include, but are not limited to, statements about: our future financial performance, including our revenue,
cost of revenue, gross profit, margins, and operating expenses; trends in our key business metrics; the sufficiency
of our cash and cash equivalents, investments, and cash provided by sales of our products and services to meet our
liquidity needs; market trends; our market position and opportunity; our growth strategy and business aspirations
for our communications platform; our product strategy; our efforts to enhance the security and privacy of our
platform; the potential impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and related public health measures on our business, the
business of our customers, suppliers, and channel partners, and the economy; our ability to become the ubiquitous
platform for communications; our ability to attract new customers and retain existing customers; our ability to
successfully expand into our existing markets and into new markets; our ability to effectively manage our growth
and future expenses; and the impact of recent accounting pronouncements on our consolidated financial statements.

You should not rely on forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-
looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K primarily on our current expectations and
projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, and
operating results. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks,
uncertainties, and other factors described in the section titled “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and
uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that
could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The results,
events, and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual
results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements.

In addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant
subject. These statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form
10-K. While we believe that such information provides a reasonable basis for these statements, that information may
be limited or incomplete. Our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive
inquiry into, or review of, all relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are
cautioned not to unduly rely on these statements.

The forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K relate only to events as of the date on
which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or
to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not
actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should
not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the
potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures, or investments.

You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we reference in this Annual Report on Form
10-K and have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K with
the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance, and events and circumstances may
be materially different from what we expect.
                                                         3                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                               SUMMARY RISK FACTORS                                                
                                                                                                                   
Investing in our Class A common stock involves numerous risks, including the risks described in “Part I—Item 1A.
Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Below are some of these risks, any one of which could materially
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.
• Our business depends on our ability to attract new customers and hosts, retain and upsell additional products to
existing customers, and upgrade free hosts to our paid offerings. Any decline in new customers and hosts, renewals,
or upgrades would harm our business.

• Beginning in the fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2020, we faced unprecedented usage of our communications platform
largely due to the COVID-19 pandemic. While we continue to add paid users to our customer base, we expect our user
growth rate to continue to slow or decline as the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to taper, particularly
as vaccines become widely available and distributed, and users return to work or school or are otherwise no longer
subject to limitations on in-person meetings.

• Our revenue growth rate has begun to decline, and we expect our revenue growth rate to generally decline in
future periods.

• Interruptions, delays, or outages in service from our co-located data centers and a variety of other factors,
including increased usage stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic, would impair the delivery of our services, require
us to issue credits or pay penalties, and harm our business.

• We operate in competitive markets, and we must continue to compete effectively. Many of our actual and potential
competitors benefit from competitive advantages over us, such as greater name recognition; longer operating
histories; more varied products and services; larger marketing budgets; more established marketing relationships;
more third-party integration; greater accessibility across devices or applications; greater access to larger user
bases; major distribution agreements with hardware manufacturers and resellers; and greater financial, technical,
and other resources. In addition, as we introduce new products and services, and with the introduction of new
technologies and market entrants, we expect competition to intensify in the future.

• Failures in internet infrastructure or interference with broadband access could cause current or potential users
to believe that our systems are unreliable, possibly leading our customers and hosts to switch to our competitors,
or to cancel their subscriptions to our platform.

• As we increase sales to large organizations, our sales cycles could lengthen, and we could experience greater
deployment challenges.

• We generate revenue from sales of subscriptions to our platform, and any decline in demand for our platform or
for communications and collaboration technologies in general would harm our business.

• We expect to increase our expenses in the future, which could decrease our profitability or prevent us from
maintaining profitability.

• We may not be able to respond to rapid technological changes, extend our platform or develop new features.

• Our security measures have been compromised in the past and may be compromised in the future. If our security
measures are compromised in the future or if our information technology fails, this could harm our reputation,
expose us to significant fines and liability, impair our sales, and harm our business. In addition, our products
and services may be perceived as not being secure. This perception may result in customers and hosts curtailing or
ceasing their use of our products, our incurring significant liabilities, and our business being harmed.

• We have a limited operating history at the current scale of our business, which makes it difficult to evaluate
our prospects and future results of operations.

• The actual or perceived failure by us, our customers, partners, or vendors to comply with stringent and evolving
privacy, data protection, and information security laws, regulations, standards, policies, and contractual
obligations could harm our reputation and business or subject us to significant fines and liability.

• If we were to lose the services of our Chief Executive Officer or other members of our senior management team, we
may not be able to execute our business strategy.

• We have significant and expanding operations outside the United States, which may subject us to increased
business, regulatory and economic risks that could harm our business.

• We may be subject to, or assist law enforcement with enforcement of, a variety of U.S. and international laws
that could result in claims, increase the cost of operations, or otherwise harm our business due to changes in the
laws,
                                                         4                                                         
Table of Contents
changes in the interpretations of the laws, greater enforcement of the laws, or investigations into compliance with
the laws.

• Zoom Phone is subject to U.S. federal and international regulation, and other products we may introduce in the
future may also be subject to U.S. federal, state, or international laws, rules, and regulations. Any failure to
comply with such laws, rules, and regulations could harm our business and expose us to liability.

• The dual class structure of our common stock as contained in our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation has the effect of concentrating voting control with those stockholders who held our stock prior to
our initial public offering, including our executive officers, employees, and directors and their affiliates,
limiting your ability to influence corporate matters.
If we are unable to adequately address these and other risks we face, our business may be harmed.
                                                         5                                                         
Table of Contents
╔═ § ═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║                                                                                                                 ║
║                                                     PART I                                                      ║
║                                                                                                                 ║
╚═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 1. BUSINESS                                                                                               │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                                                                   
   Overview                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
Our mission is to make video communications frictionless and secure.

Zoom enables users to connect to others, share ideas, make plans, and build toward a future limited only by their
imagination. Our frictionless communications platform started with video as its foundation, and we have set the
standard for innovation ever since. That is why Zoom is an intuitive, scalable, and secure choice for large
enterprises, small businesses, and individuals alike. We connect people through our core unified communications
offering, which frictionlessly brings together video, phone, chat, and webinars, and enables meaningful experiences
across disparate devices and locations. Our Developer Platform enables customers, developers, and service providers
to easily build apps and integrations on top of Zoom’s industry-leading video communications platform, with
opportunities for global discovery and distribution. Our virtual and hybrid event solutions allow users to
seamlessly create and manage engaging events.

Our cloud-native platform delivers reliable, high-quality video and voice solutions that are easy to use, manage,
and deploy; provides an attractive return on investment; and is scalable and easily integrates with physical spaces
and applications. As businesses around the world navigate a period of significant work transformation, Zoom’s
ability to enable meaningful connections whether teams are in the office, at home, on-the-go, or in other locations
such as a retail or manufacturing setting, is a critical differentiator. We believe that rich and reliable
communications lead to interactions that build greater empathy and trust. We strive to live up to the trust our
customers place in us by delivering a communications solution that is secure, reliable, and “just works.”

A cornerstone of our platform is Zoom Meetings, around which we provide a full suite of products and features
designed to give users an easy, reliable, and innovative unified communications experience. Users comprise both
hosts, who organize video meetings, and individual attendees, who participate in those video meetings. In 2019, we
launched Zoom Phone, a cloud-based PBX system, creating a unique unified communications platform. Many customers
also choose to implement Zoom Rooms, our software-based conference room system, which enables users to easily
experience Zoom Meetings in their physical meeting spaces. In February 2022, we announced Zoom Contact Center, an
omnichannel contact center solution that is optimized for video and integrated right into the same Zoom experience.

The happiness we bring is recognized by customers. Zoom has consistently high scores across customer review sites,
including Gartner Peer Insights, TrustRadius, and G2 Crowd, including being recognized as a 2021 Gartner Peer
Insights Customers’ Choice for Meeting Solutions and a TrustRadius Top Rated Web Conferencing Software. Industry
analysts also recognize our market leadership: Gartner has named Zoom a leader in its Magic Quadrant for Meeting
Solutions for the sixth consecutive year, and a leader in the Magic Quadrant for UCaaS for a second year. Frost &
Sullivan recognized Zoom with its 2021 Global Webinars and Virtual Events Market Leadership Award. In 2021, we were
also recognized as a leader in IDC’s MarketScapes for UCaaS Service Providers (Small- and Medium-sized Businesses
and Worldwide Enterprise) and for Worldwide Unified Communications and Collaboration, by Omdia Universe for
Collaborative Meeting Services, and by Aragon Research Globes for Unified Communications and Collaboration and
Video Conferencing. We also received Aragon’s Innovation Award for Video Conferencing in both 2020 and 2021. Zoom
was also named to Fortune’s 2021 Future 50 list, which recognized innovative companies with high-growth potential
who are creating meaningful value for their customers.

We have a unique model that combines viral enthusiasm for our platform with a multipronged go-to-market strategy
for optimal efficiency. Viral enthusiasm begins with our users as they experience the simplicity and reliability of
our platform – it “gets out of the way” so they can focus on what they need to get done together. This enthusiasm
continues as meeting participants become paid hosts and as businesses of all sizes become our customers. Our sales
efforts funnel this viral demand into routes-to-market that are optimized for each customer opportunity, which can
include our direct sales force, online channel, resellers, and strategic partners.
                                                                                                                   
  Our Growth Strategy                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
We focus on the following elements of our strategy to drive our growth:

• Keep our existing customers happy. We provide happiness to our customers by giving them an experience that
delights them. We respond to customer needs with action to drive positive user experiences. We believe these
practices result in our high scores across customer review sites and will continue to generate referrals from our
existing customers, providing meaningful viral adoption for the foreseeable future.

• Drive new customer acquisition. Our platform is designed to make it easy to host meetings. By attracting free
hosts to use our platform, we promote usage that allows hosts and their meeting attendees to experience the
                                                         6                                                         
Table of Contents
Zoom difference. We complement this lead-generation model with our multipronged go-to-market strategy that
integrates the viral enthusiasm for our platform with optimal routes-to-market, including direct sales
representatives, online channel, resellers, and strategic partners. This approach allows us to cost-effectively
drive upgrades to our paid offering and expansion within organizations of all sizes and verticals.

• Expand within existing customers. As organizations experience our platform and become familiar with its benefits,
more teams and departments within these organizations adopt Zoom. Our platform may begin in a line of business and
then organically expand across departments. This “land and expand” model has led to some of our largest
deployments. Customers are also purchasing services for webinars, room solutions, and phone for the full Zoom
Unified Communications as a Service (“UCaaS”) experience.

• Innovate our platform continuously. Our engineers aim to stay on the cutting edge of communication and
collaboration technologies. We strive to deliver the best experience to our users by dedicating a portion of
engineering capacity to developing on-demand, customer-requested features that would be valuable across our
customer base.

• Accelerate international expansion. With users, offices, and data centers strategically located around the world,
we are poised to reach new customers globally. Our platform is intuitively designed such that localization
requirements are minimal. For example, our platform works without intensive translation requirements with only a
few language adjustments to our user interface and support systems.

• Grow our partnership ecosystem and continue to expand our platform. Our platform integrates easily with other
systems and tools. We enable developers to embed our platform into their own offerings through open application
program interfaces (“APIs”) and our cross-platform software development kits (“SDKs”). We have already partnered
with several hardware video conferencing and peripheral providers and with software providers, including Atlassian
and Dropbox. Third-party developers are able to engage with the Zoom App Marketplace and Zoom Developer Platform to
extend the value and adoption of Zoom with our customers through the development of public and private apps and
integrations.
                                                                                                                   
  Our Products                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
We provide a unified communications platform that delivers happiness and fundamentally changes how people interact,
connecting them through frictionless and secure video, phone, chat, and content sharing. Our core products include
Zoom Meetings, Zoom Phone, Zoom Chat, Zoom Rooms, Zoom Hardware-as-a-Service, Zoom Conference Room Connector, Zoom
Events, Zoom Webinar, Zoom Developer Platform, Zoom App Marketplace, and Zoom Contact Center.
                                                                                                                   
  Zoom Meetings                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
Zoom Meetings provide HD video, voice, chat, and content sharing across mobile devices, desktops, laptops,
telephones, and conference room systems. Our architecture can support up to 1,000 video participants in a single
meeting. Conversations can be one to one, one to many, or many to many. Zoom Meetings feature 49-person video
gallery view, virtual backgrounds, MP4/M4A cloud/local recording with transcripts, video breakout rooms, screen
sharing with annotation, and integrations with other powerful business applications to help teams get more done
together. Zoom Meetings integrate with tools created by companies such as Atlassian, Dropbox, Google, LinkedIn,
Microsoft, Salesforce, and Slack. Our meetings are a flexible tool for on-the-go employees who rely on their mobile
device or tablet throughout their business day.

An end-to-end encryption (“E2EE”) option is available to free and paid Zoom customers globally who host meetings
with up to 200 participants. Zoom’s E2EE uses the same 256-bit AES GCM encryption that secures Zoom meetings by
default, but with Zoom’s E2EE, the meeting host generates encryption keys and uses public key cryptography to
distribute these keys to the other meeting participants.
                                                                                                                   
  Zoom Phone                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Zoom Phone is an enterprise cloud phone system that provides powerful private branch exchange (“PBX”) features,
such as secure call routing, call queuing, call detail reports, call recording, call quality monitoring, voicemail,
switch to video, and much more. Available stand-alone, or as an optional add-on to Zoom Meetings, Zoom Phone is a
core component of our modern UCaaS strategy that enables customers to replace their existing PBX solution and
consolidate all of their business communications and collaboration requirements onto Zoom.

Zoom Phone provides inbound and outbound calling via its support for native connectivity to the public switched
telephone network (“PSTN”). In the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022, Zoom Phone provided native PSTN connectivity
in more than 45 countries and territories.
                                                         7                                                         
Table of Contents
Zoom Phone also supports Premise Peering and Cloud Peering, which provide customers with the flexibility to keep
their current PSTN service providers by redirecting existing third-party voice circuits to the Zoom Phone cloud.
Hybrid connectivity is also supported, allowing customers to mix native Zoom Phone calling plans and third-party
voice circuits. This unique capability allows customers to enjoy all of the benefits and features of Zoom Phone
while keeping their existing service provider contracts, phone numbers, and calling rates with their preferred
carrier of record.
                                                                                                                   
  Zoom Chat                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
Zoom Chat, which is included in the Zoom client for meeting and phone customers, enables organizations and teams to
communicate and collaborate in groups, channels, or 1-1s and to stay connected by instantly sharing messages,
images, audio files, and other content across desktop, laptop, tablet, and mobile devices. With Zoom Chat, users
can easily invite people outside their organization to a chat conversation, and users can quickly switch from a
chat to a phone call or video meeting during a conversation. Zoom Chat also features content storage for users who
want discoverability and the ability to review their conversations or shared files. There are dozens of Zoom Chat
compatible applications available in the Zoom App Marketplace that provide notifications and improved workflow for
other enterprise systems.
                                                                                                                   
  Zoom Rooms                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Zoom Rooms is our software-based conference room system that transforms every room – from executive offices, huddle
rooms, training rooms, to broadcast studios – into a collaboration space that is easy to use, simple to deploy, and
low-effort to manage. Designed to increase workforce collaboration across in-room and virtual participants, Zoom
Rooms bring one-click to join meetings, wireless multi-sharing, interactive whiteboarding, and intuitive room
controls for a frictionless and secure Zoom Meeting experience. Zoom Rooms can leverage purpose-built hardware,
such as Zoom Rooms Appliances, for a turnkey deployment, or users can customize room builds with Zoom’s open
hardware ecosystem and professional audio/visual equipment, enabling organizations to build video-enabled spaces
for any use case.

Zoom Rooms Scheduling Display helps meet the needs of the agile office by delivering simple, on-the-fly room
booking and room utilization management through a calendaring system. With a single Zoom Rooms license, customers
get unlimited access to this service, requiring only an iOS or Android touch display outside their rooms.

Zoom Rooms Digital Signage leverages displays, in and out of conference rooms, to project image, video, and URL
content playlists. Included as part of Zoom Rooms, role-based admins can easily manage unlimited Digital Signage
content and displays through the Zoom Admin Portal and remotely control the content displayed across screens for
corporate communications, internal marketing, branding, and more.

Zoom for Home is a personal home office solution designed to help remote workers connect and be more productive.
The leading providers of Zoom for Home compatible devices include Amazon, DTEN, Facebook, Google, Neat, Poly, and
others.
                                                                                                                   
  Zoom Hardware-as-a-Service                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
Our Zoom Hardware-as-a-Service offering allows customers to access the latest and greatest video communication
technology from third party equipment providers. Customers can deploy a world-class communications experience with
a variety of subscription options for phone and meeting room hardware. Customers can also scale video conference
rooms and phones with hardware options and hardware refreshes at an affordable, fixed monthly price.
                                                                                                                   
  Zoom Conference Room Connector                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
The Zoom Conference Room Connector is a gateway for SIP/H.323 endpoints to join Zoom meetings. For organizations
that use SIP/H.323 conference room systems from providers, such as Poly and Cisco, Zoom’s Conference Room Connector
can take these traditional hardware video conferencing systems to the cloud, allowing users to leverage their
existing investments while taking advantage of the Zoom platform. As organizations transition from legacy hardware-
based conference rooms to software-based Zoom Rooms, IT administrators save cost on layers of service, maintenance,
and support contracts and bridge their endpoints with Zoom Conference Room Connector. With the cost-savings,
organizations can reinvest in video-enabling more rooms and continue to leverage their existing SIP/H.323 endpoints
with a consistent, cloud-based experience across all their rooms.
                                                                                                                   
  Zoom Events                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Zoom Events provides businesses with a virtual event management solution powered by the Zoom platform. Zoom Events
enables users to manage and host all types of internal and external virtual events, from small interactive sessions
to multi-day and multi-track events like conferences or consumer events. This includes the ability to create a
“hub” where all of a business’ events can be listed with corresponding information about each experience. It also
enables event hosts to provide ticketing and registration for attendees, and the ability to track these activities.
                                                         8                                                         
Table of Contents
OnZoom is a prosumer-focused virtual event platform and marketplace for Zoom users to create, host, and monetize
online events. OnZoom is an extension of Zoom’s unified communications platform with robust monetization (ticketing
and fundraising) and simpler event management capabilities. OnZoom is currently offered as a public beta for United
States (“U.S.”) users to host and attend online events.
                                                                                                                   
  Zoom Webinars                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
Zoom Webinars support interactive video presentations to large audiences from almost anywhere in the world and from
many devices. Zoom Webinars scale up to 50,000 people, including up to 100 interactive video panelists. With
webinars, hosts have control over the video viewing experience and attendees join to listen, learn and interact
using chat, Q&A, live polling and more. Our powerful third-party integrations help users maximize usage of their
webinars and expand capabilities with paid registration, marketing automation, lead nurturing, and learning
management.
                                                                                                                   
  Zoom Developer Platform and Zoom App Marketplace                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
The Zoom Developer Platform enables developers, platform integrators, service providers, and customers to easily
build apps and integrations that use Zoom’s video-based communications solutions across video, phone, chat, or
integrate Zoom’s core technology into their products and services, with opportunities for co-marketing, discovery
and distribution. Our developer platform also allows Zoom customers to administer their accounts including managing
app requests and provisioning, as well as optimizing account usage with access to dashboards and comprehensive
usage metrics. With our SDKs, APIs, webhooks and extensive developer resources, Zoom, third-party developers, and
partners build applications that integrate our platform with other globally in-demand applications, platforms,
websites, and services. Our customers also have access to tools and resources to develop private applications that
integrate Zoom and Zoom technology into their workflows and systems.

Our App Marketplace brings together integrations built by Zoom and third-party developers, making it easy for
developers to publish their apps and for customers to enhance their Zoom experience with new functionalities. The
App Marketplace features third-party integrations of Zoom into best of breed apps, Zoom Apps (third-party apps
integrated into the Zoom experience) and SDK apps (apps built by ISV program partners using our Meeting SDK). Key
integrations include Google Workspace, Calendly, Slack, Microsoft Teams, Salesforce, Otter.ai, Hubspot, Asana,
Kahoot! and Miro.

Zoom Apps combine users' favorite apps with the power of video communications by allowing users to access them
directly in Zoom Meetings. Users can enrich their Zoom experience with a variety of apps that cover many use cases
— including whiteboarding, project management, note-taking, gaming, and more.
                                                                                                                   
  Zoom Contact Center                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
In February 2022, we introduced Zoom Contact Center which combines contact center functionality with our Zoom
unified communications solutions. Zoom Contact Center is currently available in the U.S. and Canada with additional
international availability planned for later this year.
                                                                                                                   
  Our Technology and Infrastructure                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
Our unique technology and infrastructure enable best-in-class reliability, scalability, and performance. We
designed our communications platform to be video-first and cloud-native. Most legacy approaches utilize single
multipoint control units (“MCUs”) to bridge video and voice participants into an integrated stream that is
broadcast back to the participants. These hardware devices are shipped with defined processing and memory capacity
that are difficult to scale. In addition, an MCU architecture is similar to other mainframe-like approaches where
stream processing and mixing run on the same machine, which is resource-intensive and limits scalability.

Our technology was specifically designed from the start to address the most difficult component of communications:
video. Video requires intense computing resources for encoding, decoding, multiplexing, and synchronization, as
well as higher bandwidth and network performance, to a much higher degree than other forms of communication like
voice, chat, and content sharing. Our architecture separates video content processing from the transporting and
mixing of streams. We allocate video content processing to intelligent agents that reside on client devices and
dynamically encode and decode based upon the performance of client technology, network performance, and bandwidth.
We leverage a next-generation multimedia router that operates on commodity hardware and a globally distributed
cloud infrastructure to determine the optimal data centers to host a meeting and an optimal set of paths to connect
the participants.
                                                                                                                   
  Our Customers                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
We have customers of all sizes, from individuals to global Fortune 50 organizations. Our current customer base
spans numerous industry categories, including education, entertainment/media, enterprise infrastructure, finance,
government, health
                                                         9                                                         
Table of Contents
care, manufacturing, nonprofit/not for profit and social impact, retail/consumer products, and software/internet.
No individual customer represented more than 10% of our total revenue in the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022.
                                                                                                                   
  Sales                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
Our sales model combines our viral demand generation and our free Zoom Meetings plan with a sales approach
optimized for the size of each customer opportunity. Our direct sales force includes our field sales
representatives as well as our inside sales team, and it is organized by customer employee count, region, and
vertical. Our channel team coordinates the activities of resellers and strategic partners to build a strong
ecosystem that broadens our reach. Our online channel supports high-volume, high-velocity, self-service sales.
                                                                                                                   
  Marketing                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
Our marketing team’s primary objective is to create preference for our brand by leveraging our viral growth,
enhancing brand perception, and engaging our users with virtual events, content, social media, and customer
advisory councils. We complement our viral growth with targeted online and out-of-home advertising. We shifted our
events strategy from in-person to online during the pandemic, including hosting Zoomtopia, our annual user
conference, virtually to tens of thousands of attendees.
                                                                                                                   
  Research and Development                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
We drive our business with constant innovation. We have research and development presence in the United States,
India, Singapore, and China, which we believe is a strategic advantage for us, allowing us to invest more in
increasing our product capabilities in an efficient manner with a “follow the sun” strategy.
                                                                                                                   
  Our Competition                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
The markets in which we operate are highly competitive. We face competition from legacy web-based meeting services
providers, including Cisco Webex and GoTo, bundled productivity solution providers with video functionality,
including Google Workspace and Microsoft Teams, and UCaaS and legacy PBX providers, including 8x8, Avaya, and
RingCentral, as well as consumer-facing platforms that can support small- or medium-sized businesses, including
Amazon, Apple, and Facebook. Additionally, as we build out Zoom Contact Center, we may face additional competition,
including from Five9, Inc., Genesys and NICE inContact.

We believe we compete favorably based on the following competitive factors:

• video-first platform;

• cloud-native architecture;

• functionality and scalability;

• ease of use and reliability;

• brand awareness and preference;

• ability to utilize existing infrastructure, such as legacy conference room hardware; and

• low total cost of ownership.
                                                                                                                   
  Intellectual Property                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secrets, as well as contractual protections,
to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. We actively seek patent protection covering inventions
originating from our company. We also pursue the registration and enforcement of trademarks and domain names in the
United States and in various jurisdictions outside the United States.

We control access to and use of our proprietary technology and other confidential information through internal and
external controls, including contractual protections with employees, contractors, customers, and partners. Our
software is protected by U.S. and international intellectual property laws. Our policy requires employees and
independent contractors to sign agreements (1) assigning to us any inventions, trade secrets, works of authorship,
and other intellectual property generated by them in the course of their employment, and (2) agreeing to protect
our confidential information.

In certain circumstances, we license intellectual property from third parties for use in our products. This may
include open source software. We take steps to ensure compliance with the terms of the licenses governing such
licensed technology. We believe our business is not materially dependent on any individual patent, trademark,
copyright, trade secret, license, or
                                                        10                                                         
Table of Contents
other intellectual property right. For information on the risks associated with our intellectual property, see
“Item 1A - Risk Factors.”
                                                                                                                   
  Government Regulation                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
Our business activities are subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws, rules, and regulations.
Compliance with these laws, rules, and regulations has not had, and is not expected to have, a material effect on
our capital expenditures, results of operations, and competitive position as compared to prior periods.
Nevertheless, compliance with existing or future governmental regulations, including, but not limited to, those
pertaining to global trade, business acquisitions, consumer and data protection, and taxes, could have a material
impact on our business in subsequent periods. For more information on the potential impacts of government
regulations affecting our business, see “Item 1A - Risk Factors.”
                                                                                                                   
  Human Capital                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
As of January 31, 2022, we had 6,787 full-time employees. Of these employees, 4,009 are in the United States and
2,778 are in our international locations. None of our U.S. employees are represented by a labor union. Employees in
one of our non-U.S. subsidiaries have the benefit of a collective bargaining agreement and are represented by a
workers’ council. We have not experienced interruptions of operations or any work stoppages due to labor
disagreements.

Our Culture of Happiness

We are focused on delivering happiness to our employees and customers. We strive to change the way business is done
through our communications technology and our company culture. We take happiness so seriously that we have an
employee-led happiness committee and crew to facilitate and amplify our efforts to deliver happiness to our
employees and customers.

Our culture of delivering happiness drives our mission, vision, and values and is fundamental to everything we do
at Zoom:

• Mission. Our mission is to make video communications frictionless and secure.

• Vision. Our vision is to empower people to accomplish more through video communications.

• Values. We care for our community, our customers, our company, our teammates, and ourselves.

This culture supports our hiring and serves as a competitive advantage in attracting and retaining top talent.
Comparably recognized Zoom for numerous culture awards in 2021 including Best Company Happiness and Best CEO. Our
employees also named Zoom among the winners of Glassdoor’s Employees’ Choice Awards honoring the Best Places to
Work in 2021.

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion

Diversity, equity, and inclusion (“DEI”) at Zoom is an embodiment of our core value of Care. DEI also represents
our intentional effort to create an inclusive environment of the brightest minds from a broad set of backgrounds in
order to create the most innovative solutions for our customers. Our approach to DEI is driven across four
strategic focus areas: workforce (who and how we hire), workplace (how it feels to work at Zoom), marketplace (how
we include our customers) and community (how we help to make the world more equitable).

We have taken steps to diversify our candidate outreach through engagements with AfroTech, Merritt College,
AnitaB.org, and a five-year strategic partnership with Claflin University. In our workplace, our Zoom Talks
initiative creates ongoing spaces for our employees to learn more about one another’s unique backgrounds. We have a
number of Employee Resource Groups (“ERGs”) with a focus on Black, Latinx, Women, Asian and Pacific Islander,
Veteran, and LGBTQ+ communities. Our ERGs offer our employees support and community building opportunities, and
help to foster an inclusive environment and diverse workplace. Our DEI Team continues to partner with teams leading
our product design and marketing to invest in making our products even more inclusive and accessible to the diverse
set of communities we serve.

Compensation and Benefits

We offer fair, competitive compensation and benefits that support our employees’ overall well-being. Our employees’
total compensation packages include base pay, bonuses or sales commissions, and equity. We offer a wide array of
benefits including comprehensive healthcare benefits, including mental health and fertility benefits, wellness
benefits, a book reimbursement plan to support continuous learning, and charitable gift matching through our Zoom
Cares program.

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented significant changes that we determined were in the best
interest of our employees as well as the communities in which we operate. This includes having the vast majority of
our employees work from home, while implementing additional safety measures for employees continuing critical on-
site work. We also provide flexible work hours in certain cases. We have also provided a work-from-home
reimbursement policy to assist employees in that transition.
                                                        11                                                         
Table of Contents
Over the past year, we conducted a comprehensive employee survey with regular follow-ups and engaged in peer
research to make thoughtful decisions on how to move forward in an evolving world of work. Two priorities were
immediately clear: keeping our employees safe and supporting them through a meaningful employee experience. We
believe that the future of work at Zoom will be based on enabling a flexible working environment for our employees.
We have created three "workstyles" for our employees (in-person, remote and hybrid) and will be allowing most
employees to choose their own workstyle.
                                                                                                                   
  Corporate Information                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
We were incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware in April 2011 under the name Saasbee, Inc., and in
February 2012, we changed our name to Zoom Communications, Inc. In May 2012, we changed our name to Zoom Video
Communications, Inc. Our principal executive offices are located at 55 Almaden Boulevard, 6th Floor, San Jose,
California 95113. Our telephone number is (888) 799-9666. Our website address is https://zoom.com. Information
contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. The Zoom design logo, “Zoom,” “Zoom Video Communications,” and our other registered or common law
trademarks, service marks or trade names appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of Zoom
Video Communications, Inc. Other trade names, trademarks, and service marks used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
are the property of their respective owners.
                                                                                                                   
  Available Information                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
We file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to
reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act. The SEC maintains a website at
www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information that we file with the
SEC electronically. Copies of our reports on Form 10-K, Forms 10-Q, Forms 8-K, and amendments to those reports may
also be obtained, free of charge, electronically through our investor relations website located at
investors.zoom.us as soon as reasonably practical after we file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC.

We announce material information to the public through a variety of means, including filings with the SEC, press
releases, public conference calls, our website (www.zoom.com) and the investor relations section of our website
(investors.zoom.us). We use these channels, as well as social media, including our blog (blog.zoom.us), our Twitter
account (@zoom_us), our LinkedIn page (linkedin.com/company/zoom-video-communications), our Instagram page
(instagram.com/zoom), our TikTok page (tiktok.com/@zoom), and our Facebook page
(facebook.com/zoomvideocommunications), to communicate with investors and the public about our Company, our
products and services, and other matters. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in
our Company to review the information we make public in these locations, as such information could be deemed to be
material information. Information on or that can be accessed through our websites or these social media channels is
not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the inclusion of our website addresses and social media channels
are inactive textual references only.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 1A. RISK FACTORS                                                                                          │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and
uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our
securities. The risks and uncertainties described below may not be the only ones we face. If any of the risks
actually occur, our business could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our
Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment.
                                                                                                                   
   Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
Our business depends on our ability to attract new customers and hosts, retain and upsell additional products to
existing customers, and upgrade free hosts to our paid offerings. Any decline in new customers and hosts, renewals,
or upgrades would harm our business.

Our business depends upon our ability to attract new customers and hosts, and maintain and expand our relationships
with our customers and hosts, including upselling additional products to our existing customers and upgrading hosts
to a paid Zoom Meeting plan. A host is any user of our unified communications platform who initiates a Zoom Meeting
and invites one or more participants to join that meeting. We refer to hosts who subscribe to a paid Zoom Meeting
plan as “paid hosts.”

Our business is subscription based, and customers are not obligated to, and may choose not to, renew their
subscriptions after their existing subscriptions expire. As a result, we cannot provide assurance that customers
will renew their subscriptions utilizing the same tier of their Zoom Meeting plan, upgrade to a higher-priced tier,
or purchase additional products, if they
                                                        12                                                         
Table of Contents
renew at all. Renewals of subscriptions to our platform may decline or fluctuate because of several factors, such
as dissatisfaction with our products and support, a customer or host no longer having a need for our products,
including any new customers or hosts that have subscribed to our services during the COVID-19 pandemic that may
subsequently reduce or discontinue their use after the impact of the pandemic has tapered, or the perception that
competitive products provide better, more secure, or less expensive options. In addition, some customers downgrade
their Zoom Meeting plan or do not renew their subscriptions. Furthermore, as a result of the increased usage of our
platform during the COVID-19 pandemic, our customer base has shifted largely from businesses and enterprises to a
mix of businesses, enterprises, and consumers. This shift in mix could result in higher non-renewal rates than we
have experienced in the past. We must continually add new customers and hosts to grow our business beyond our
current user base and to replace customers and hosts who choose not to continue to use our platform. Finally, any
decrease in user satisfaction with our products or support would harm our brand, word-of-mouth referrals, and
ability to grow.

We encourage customers to purchase additional products and encourage hosts to upgrade to our paid offerings by
recommending additional features and through in-product prompts and notifications. Additionally, we seek to expand
within organizations by adding new hosts, having workplaces purchase additional products, or expanding the use of
Zoom into other teams and departments within an organization. At the same time, we strive to demonstrate the value
of our platform and various product offerings to those hosts that subscribe to our free Zoom Meeting plan, thereby
encouraging them to upgrade to a paid Zoom Meeting plan. However, a majority of these hosts, including those that
subscribed to our free plan during the COVID-19 pandemic as a result of shelter-in-place and work-from-home
mandates, may never upgrade to a paid Zoom Meeting plan. If we fail to upsell our customers or upgrade hosts of our
free Zoom Meeting plan to paid subscriptions or expand the number of paid hosts within organizations, our business
would be harmed.

In addition, our user growth rate may slow or decline in the future as our market penetration rates increase and we
turn our focus to upgrading our free hosts to a paid Zoom Meeting plan rather than growing the total number of
users. If we are not able to continue to expand our user base, our revenue may grow more slowly than expected or
decline. While we continue to add paid users to our customer base, we expect our user growth rate to continue to
slow or decline as the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to taper, particularly as vaccines become widely
available and distributed, and users return to work or school or are otherwise no longer subject to limitations on
in-person meetings.

Our revenue growth rate has begun to decline and we expect our revenue growth rate to generally decline in future
periods.

We have experienced significant revenue growth in prior periods. You should not rely on the revenue growth of any
prior quarterly or annual period as an indication of our future performance. Our revenue growth rate has begun to
decline and we expect our revenue growth rate to generally decline in future periods. Many factors may contribute
to declines in our growth rate, including higher market penetration, increased competition, slowing demand for our
platform, especially once the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic tapers, particularly as vaccines become widely
available and distributed, and users return to work or school or are otherwise no longer subject to limitations on
in-person meetings, a failure by us to continue capitalizing on growth opportunities, and the maturation of our
business, among others. Declines in our growth rate could adversely affect investors’ perceptions of our business
and the trading price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected.

Interruptions, delays, or outages in service from our co-located data centers and a variety of other factors,
including increased usage stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic, would impair the delivery of our services, require
us to issue credits or pay penalties, and harm our business.

We currently serve our users from various co-located data centers located throughout the world. We also utilize
Amazon Web Services and Oracle Cloud for the hosting of certain critical aspects of our business, as well as
Microsoft Azure for limited customer-specified managed services. As part of our distributed meeting architecture,
we establish private links between data centers that automatically transfer data between various data centers in
order to optimize performance on our platform. Damage to, or failure of, these data centers has in the past
resulted in and could in the future result in interruptions or delays in our services. In addition, we have
experienced, and may in the future experience, other interruptions and delays in our services caused by a variety
of other factors, including, but not limited to, infrastructure changes, vendor issues, human or software errors,
viruses, security attacks, ransomware or cyber extortion, fraud, general internet availability issues, spikes in
usage, and denial of service issues. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these
problems within an acceptable period of time. For example, we have experienced partial outages in our services that
impacted a subset of our users for a limited number of hours. Additionally, in connection with the addition of new
data centers or expansion or consolidation of our existing data center facilities or other reasons, we may move or
transfer our data and our users’ metadata to other data centers, not including our China data center. Despite
precautions that we take during this process, any unsuccessful data transfers may impair or cause disruptions in
the delivery of our service, and we may incur significant costs in connection with any such move or transfer.
Interruptions, delays, or outages in our services would reduce our revenue; may require us to issue credits or pay
penalties; may subject us to claims and litigation; and may cause customers and hosts to terminate their
                                                        13                                                         
Table of Contents
subscriptions and adversely affect our ability to attract new customers and hosts. Our ability to attract and
retain customers and hosts depends on our ability to provide customers and hosts with a highly reliable platform
and even minor interruptions or delays in our services could harm our business.

Additionally, if our data centers are unable to keep up with our increasing needs for capacity, including increased
usage stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic, customers may experience delays or interruptions in service as we seek
to obtain additional capacity, which could result in the loss of customers who use our unified communications
platform because of its reliability and performance. We plan to continue our practice of opening new data centers
to meet increased demand, but we may be unable to bring additional data centers online in a timely manner,
including as a result of current shortages for certain parts, such as servers. In addition, to meet short-term
capacity needs, we may need to rely increasingly on public cloud providers, including Amazon Web Services and
Oracle Cloud, which may result in higher variable costs, harming our business, financial condition, and operating
results.

We do not control, or in some cases have limited control over, the operation of the co-located data center
facilities we use, and they are vulnerable to damage or interruption from human error; intentional bad acts;
earthquakes; floods; fires; hurricanes; war; terrorist attacks; power losses; hardware failures; systems failures;
telecommunications failures; disease, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; and similar events, any of which could disrupt
our service. In the event of significant physical damage to one of these data centers, it may take a significant
period of time to achieve full resumption of our services and our disaster recovery planning may not account for
all eventualities. Despite precautions taken at these facilities, the occurrence of a natural disaster, an act of
terrorism, or other act of malfeasance, a decision to close the facilities without adequate notice or other
unanticipated problems at the facilities would harm our business.

We operate in competitive markets, and we must continue to compete effectively.

The market for communication and collaboration technologies platforms is competitive and rapidly changing. Certain
features of our current platform compete in the communication and collaboration technologies market with products
offered by:

• legacy web-based meeting providers, including Cisco Webex and GoTo;

• bundled productivity solutions providers with video functionality, including Microsoft Teams and Google G Suite
and Meet products;

• UCaaS and legacy PBX providers, including Avaya, RingCentral, and 8x8; and

• consumer-facing platforms that can support small- or medium-sized businesses, including Amazon, Apple, and
Facebook.

Other large established companies may also make investments in video communications tools. In addition, as we
introduce new products and services, and with the introduction of new technologies and market entrants, we expect
competition to intensify in the future. For example, we recently introduced Zoom Contact Center, an omnichannel
contact center solution that is optimized for video, which, as we build out our offering, may result in increased
competition against companies that offer similar services, such as Five9, Inc., Genesys and NICE inContact, and new
competitors that may enter that market in the future. Also, in connection with the travel restrictions and stay-in-
place policies resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, we saw a significant increase in usage and subscriptions from
smaller customers, many of whom are consumers or small and medium sized businesses. With respect to these smaller
customers, we face competition from more consumer-oriented platforms, most of which have more experience with the
consumer market than we do. Further, many of our actual and potential competitors benefit from competitive
advantages over us, such as greater name recognition; longer operating histories; more varied products and
services; larger marketing budgets; more established marketing relationships; more third-party integration; greater
accessibility across devices or applications; greater access to larger user bases; major distribution agreements
with hardware manufacturers and resellers; and greater financial, technical, and other resources. Some of our
competitors may make acquisitions or enter into strategic relationships to offer a broader range of products and
services than we do. These combinations may make it more difficult for us to compete effectively. We expect these
trends to continue as competitors attempt to strengthen or maintain their market positions.

Demand for our platform is also price sensitive. Many factors, including our marketing, user acquisition, and
technology costs, and our current and future competitors’ pricing and marketing strategies, can significantly
affect our pricing strategies. Certain competitors offer, or may in the future offer, lower-priced or free
products, or services that compete with our platform, or may bundle and offer a broader range of products and
services than we do. Similarly, certain competitors may use marketing strategies that enable them to acquire
customers at a lower cost than we can. Furthermore, third parties could build products similar to ours that rely on
open source software. Even if such products do not include all the features and functionality that our platform
provides, we could face pricing pressure from these third parties to the extent that users find such alternative
products to be sufficient to meet their video communications needs. There can be no assurance that we will not be
forced to engage in price-cutting initiatives or other discounts or to increase our marketing and other expenses to
attract and retain customers in
                                                        14                                                         
Table of Contents
response to competitive pressures, either of which would harm our business. We, on occasion, offer customers a free
period of time at the beginning of the subscription term that can result in deferred billings or long-term accounts
receivable and increase the risk of loss on uncollected accounts receivable.

Our quarterly results have fluctuated and may in the future fluctuate significantly and may not fully reflect the
underlying performance of our business.

Our quarterly results of operations have fluctuated and may in the future fluctuate significantly, and period-to-
period comparisons of our results of operations may not be meaningful. Accordingly, the results of any one quarter
should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. Our quarterly results of operations may fluctuate
as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, and as a result, may not fully
reflect the underlying performance of our business. For example, beginning in the fiscal quarter ended April 30,
2020, we faced unprecedented usage of our unified communications platform largely due to the COVID-19 pandemic, a
significant portion of which is attributable to free Basic accounts, which do not generate any revenue. To meet
this increased demand, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs associated with upgrading
our infrastructure and expanding our capacity, including higher variable costs to the extent we have had to rely on
public cloud providers rather than our own data centers. Fluctuation in quarterly results may negatively impact the
value of our securities. Factors that may cause fluctuations in our quarterly results of operations include,
without limitation, those listed below:

• our ability to retain and upgrade customers to higher-priced tiers of Zoom Meeting plans;

• our ability to attract new hosts and upgrade hosts that subscribe to our free Zoom Meeting plan to one of our
paid Zoom Meeting plans;

• our ability to hire and retain employees, in particular those responsible for the selling or marketing of our
platform;

• our ability to hire, develop, and retain talented sales personnel who are able to achieve desired productivity
levels in a reasonable period of time and provide sales leadership in areas in which we are expanding our sales and
marketing efforts;

• changes in the way we organize and compensate our sales teams;

• the timing of expenses and recognition of revenue;

• our ability to increase sales to large organizations;

• the length of our sales cycles, especially with respect to sales to large enterprises and highly regulated
industries, including financial services and U.S. federal and state and foreign governmental agencies;

• the amount and timing of operating expenses related to the maintenance and expansion of our business, operations,
and infrastructure, as well as international expansion and entry into operating leases; and the hiring and
retention of personnel who can build, manage, and maintain our expanded business operations and infrastructure;

• timing and effectiveness of new sales and marketing initiatives;

• changes in our pricing policies or those of our competitors;

• our ability to hire and retain experienced research and development personnel to design new products, features,
and functionality that meet our privacy and security standards;

• the timing and success of new products, features, and functionality by us or our competitors;

• interruptions or delays in our service; network outages; or actual, alleged, or perceived privacy violations or
issues or security vulnerabilities, incidents, or breaches;

• lawsuits; regulatory actions or investigations; legislator scrutiny; or negative publicity arising from actual,
alleged, or perceived privacy violations or issues or security vulnerabilities, incidents, or breaches;

• changes in the competitive dynamics of our industry, including consolidation among competitors;

• changes in laws and regulations that impact our business;

• any large indemnification payments to our users or other third parties;

• the timing of expenses related to any future acquisitions; and

• general economic and market conditions.
                                                        15                                                         
Table of Contents
Failures in internet infrastructure or interference with broadband access could cause current or potential users to
believe that our systems are unreliable, possibly leading our customers and hosts to switch to our competitors, or
to cancel their subscriptions to our platform.

Unlike traditional communications and collaborations technologies, our services depend on our users’ high-speed
broadband access to the internet, usually provided through a cable or digital subscriber line connection.
Increasing numbers of users and increasing bandwidth requirements may degrade the performance of our platform due
to capacity constraints and other internet infrastructure limitations. As our number of users grow and their usage
of communications capacity increases, including increased usage stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic, we will be
required to make additional investments in network capacity to maintain adequate data transmission speeds, the
availability of which may be limited, or the cost of which may be on terms unacceptable to us. If adequate capacity
is not available to us as our user base grows, our network may be unable to achieve or maintain sufficiently high
data transmission capacity, reliability, or performance. In addition, if internet service providers and other third
parties providing internet services have outages or deteriorations in their quality of service, our users will not
have access to our platform or may experience a decrease in the quality of our platform. Furthermore, as the rate
of adoption of new technologies increases, the networks our platform relies on may not be able to sufficiently
adapt to the increased demand for these services, including ours. Frequent or persistent interruptions could cause
current or potential users to believe that our systems or platform are unreliable, leading them to switch to our
competitors or to avoid our platform, which could permanently harm our business.

In addition, users who access our platform through mobile devices, such as smartphones and tablets, must have a
high-speed connection, such as 3G, 4G, 5G, LTE, satellite, or Wi-Fi, to use our services and applications.
Currently, this access is provided by companies that have significant and increasing market power in the broadband
and internet access marketplace, including incumbent phone companies, cable companies, satellite companies, and
wireless companies. Some of these providers offer products and subscriptions that directly compete with our own
offerings, which can potentially give them a competitive advantage. Also, these providers could take measures that
degrade, disrupt, or increase the cost of user access to third-party services, including our platform, by
restricting or prohibiting the use of their infrastructure to support or facilitate third-party services or by
charging increased fees to third parties or the users of third-party services, any of which would make our platform
less attractive to users and reduce our revenue.

On January 4, 2018, the Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”) released an order reclassifying broadband
internet access as an information service, subject to certain provisions of Title I of the Communications Act. The
order requires broadband providers to publicly disclose accurate information regarding network management
practices, performance characteristics, and commercial terms of their broadband internet access services sufficient
to enable consumers to make informed choices regarding the purchase and use of such services, and entrepreneurs and
other small businesses to develop, market, and maintain internet offerings. The new rules went into effect on June
11, 2018. Numerous parties filed judicial challenges to the order, and on October 1, 2019, the United States Court
of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit released a decision that rejected nearly all of the challenges to
the new rules, but reversed the FCC’s decision to prohibit all state and local regulation targeted at broadband
internet service, requiring case-by-case determinations as to whether state and local regulation conflicts with the
FCC’s rules. The court also required the FCC to reexamine three issues from the order but allowed the order to
remain in effect, while the FCC conducts that review. On February 6, 2020, the court denied requests for rehearing
of the original decision, and the deadline for petitions requesting the Supreme Court to review the decision has
passed without the filing of any such petitions. On February 19, 2020, the FCC released a public notice asking for
comment on the three issues the court required it to reexamine. On October 27, 2020, the FCC adopted an order
concluding that the three issues remanded by the court did not provide a basis to alter its conclusions in the 2018
order. Petitions for reconsideration of this decision are pending. Democratic control of the Executive Branch,
Congress, and the FCC following the 2020 elections increases the likelihood of legislative or FCC action to reverse
the 2018 decision or adopt new network neutrality rules. In addition, a number of states have adopted or are
adopting or considering legislation or executive actions that would regulate the conduct of broadband providers. A
federal court judge denied a request for a preliminary injunction against California’s state-specific network
neutrality law, and as a result, California began enforcing that law on March 25, 2021. On March 10, 2021, trade
associations representing internet service providers appealed the district court’s ruling denying the preliminary
injunction, and the appeal was denied on January 28, 2022. The trade associations have sought rehearing with the
full court of appeal. We cannot predict whether the FCC order or other state initiatives will be enforced,
modified, overturned, or vacated by legal action of the court, federal legislation, or the FCC. Under the FCC’s new
rules, broadband internet access providers may be able to charge web-based services such as ours for priority
access or favor services offered by our competitors or by the internet access providers themselves, which could
result in increased costs and a loss of existing customers and hosts, impair our ability to attract new customers
and hosts, and harm our business.

If there are changes to the regulatory structures in the United States or elsewhere that reduce investment in
infrastructure by internet service providers, including a return of the network neutrality regulations that were
repealed, any impacts of reduced investment that reduce network capacity or speed could have a negative effect on
our business, operating results, and financial condition.
                                                        16                                                         
Table of Contents
As we increase sales to large organizations, our sales cycles could lengthen, and we could experience greater
deployment challenges.

As we continue to grow, we have begun investing more resources into sales to large organizations. Large
organizations typically undertake a significant evaluation and negotiation process due to their leverage, size,
organizational structure, and approval requirements, all of which can lengthen our sales cycle. We may also face
unexpected deployment challenges with large organizations or more complicated deployment of our platform. Large
organizations may demand additional features, support services and pricing concessions, or require additional
security management or control features. We may spend substantial time, effort, and money on sales efforts to large
organizations without any assurance that our efforts will produce any sales or that these customers will deploy our
platform widely enough across their organization to justify our substantial up-front investment. As a result, we
anticipate increased sales to large organizations will lead to higher up-front sales costs and greater
unpredictability in our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

We generate revenue from sales of subscriptions to our platform, and any decline in demand for our platform or for
communications and collaboration technologies in general would harm our business.

We generate, and expect to continue to generate, revenue from the sale of subscriptions to our platform. As a
result, widespread acceptance and use of communications and collaboration technologies in general, and our platform
in particular, is critical to our future growth and success. If the communications and collaboration technologies
market fails to grow, or grows more slowly than we currently anticipate, or if any new customers or hosts that have
subscribed to our services during the COVID-19 pandemic subsequently reduce or discontinue their use after the
impact of the pandemic has tapered, demand for our platform could be negatively affected.

Changes in user preferences for communications and collaboration technologies may have a disproportionately greater
impact on us than if we offered multiple platforms or disparate products. Demand for communications and
collaboration technologies in general, and our platform in particular, is affected by a number of factors, many of
which are beyond our control. Some of these potential factors include:

• general awareness of the communications and collaboration technologies category;

• availability of products and services that compete with ours;

• new modes of communications and collaboration that may be developed in the future;

• ease of adoption and use;

• features and platform experience;

• reliability of our platform, including frequency of outages;

• performance;

• brand;

• user support; and

• pricing.

The communications and collaboration technologies market is subject to rapidly changing user demand and trends in
preferences. If we fail to successfully predict and address these changes and trends, meet user demands, or achieve
more widespread market acceptance of our platform, our business would be harmed.

We expect to increase our expenses in the future, which could decrease our profitability or prevent us from
maintaining profitability.

Although we generated net income of $1,375.6 million, $672.3 million, and $25.3 million for the fiscal years ended
January 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, we have incurred net losses in the past and could incur net losses
in the future. We intend to continue to expend significant funds to expand our direct sales force and marketing
efforts to attract new customers and hosts and to develop and enhance our products and for general corporate
purposes, including operations, hiring additional personnel, including through acquisitions of other businesses,
upgrading our infrastructure, and addressing security and privacy issues, including those stemming from the
unprecedented numbers of first-time users during the COVID-19 pandemic who may not have full IT support or
established protocols like our larger customers, and expanding into new geographical markets. To the extent we are
successful in increasing our user base, we may also incur increased losses because, other than sales commissions,
the costs associated with acquiring customers and hosts are generally incurred up front, while the subscription
revenue is generally recognized ratably over the subscription term, which can be monthly, annual, or on a multiyear
basis. Our efforts to grow our business may be costlier than we expect, and we may not be able to increase our
                                                        17                                                         
Table of Contents
revenue enough to offset our higher operating expenses, which may result in decreased profitability. We may incur
significant losses in the future for a number of reasons, including as a result of the other risks described
herein, and unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays, and other unknown events. For example, we
have faced unprecedented usage during the COVID-19 pandemic and, to meet this increased demand, have incurred and
expect to continue to incur significant costs associated with upgrading our infrastructure and expanding our
capacity, including higher variable costs to the extent we have to rely on public cloud providers rather than our
own data centers. While free users continue to be a meaningful portion of the user base, we have directed marketing
programs focused on converting free users to paid subscriptions. Some of these new hosts using our platform on a
free Basic account have upgraded to a paid Zoom Meeting plan but the remainder have not and may never do so. If we
are unable to increase or sustain our profitability, the value of our business and Class A common stock may
significantly decrease. Furthermore, it is difficult to predict the size and growth rate of our market, customer
demand for our platform, user adoption and renewal of our platform, the entry of competitive products and services,
or the success of existing competitive products and services. As a result, we may not increase or maintain
profitability in future periods. If we fail to grow our revenue sufficiently to keep pace with our investments and
other expenses, our business would be harmed.

The experience of our users depends upon the interoperability of our platform across devices, operating systems,
and third-party applications that we do not control, and if we are not able to maintain and expand our
relationships with third parties to integrate our platform with their solutions, our business may be harmed.

One of the most important features of our platform is its broad interoperability with a range of diverse devices,
operating systems, and third-party applications. Our platform is accessible from the web and from devices running
Windows, Mac OS, iOS, Android, and Linux. We also have integrations with Atlassian, Dropbox, Google, Microsoft,
Salesforce, Slack, and a variety of other productivity, collaboration, data management, and security vendors. We
are dependent on the accessibility of our platform across these and other third-party operating systems and
applications that we do not control. For example, given the broad adoption of Microsoft Office and other
productivity software, it is important that we are able to integrate with this software. Several of our competitors
own, develop, operate, or distribute operating systems, app stores, co-located data center services, and other
software, and also have material business relationships with companies that own, develop, operate, or distribute
operating systems, applications markets, co-located data center services, and other software that our platform
requires in order to operate. Moreover, some of these competitors have inherent advantages developing products and
services that more tightly integrate with their software and hardware platforms or those of their business
partners.

Third-party services and products are constantly evolving, and we may not be able to modify our platform to assure
its compatibility with that of other third parties following development changes. In addition, some of our
competitors may be able to disrupt the operations or compatibility of our platform with their products or services,
or exert strong business influence on our ability to, and terms on which we, operate and distribute our platform.
For example, we currently offer products that directly compete with several large technology companies that we rely
on to ensure the interoperability of our platform with their products or services. As our respective products
evolve, we expect this level of competition to increase. Should any of our competitors modify their products or
standards in a manner that degrades the functionality of our platform or gives preferential treatment to
competitive products or services, whether to enhance their competitive position or for any other reason, the
interoperability of our platform with these products could decrease and our business could be harmed.

In addition, we provide, develop, and create applications for our platform partners that integrate our platform
with our partners’ various offerings. For example, our Zoom Meetings product integrates with tools offered by
companies, such as Atlassian and Dropbox, to help teams get more done together. If we are not able to continue and
expand on existing and new relationships to integrate our platform with our partners’ solutions, or there are
quality issues with our products or service interruptions of our products that integrate with our partners’
solutions, our business will be harmed.

We are subject to requirements imposed by app stores such as those operated by Apple and Google, who may change
their technical requirements or policies in a manner that adversely impacts the way in which we or our partners
collect, use and share data from users. For example, Apple recently began requiring mobile applications using its
iOS mobile operating system to obtain a user’s permission to track them or access their device’s advertising
identifier for certain purposes. The long-term impact of these and any other privacy and regulatory changes remains
uncertain. If we do not comply with applicable requirements imposed by app stores, we could lose access to the app
store and users, and our business would be harmed.

We may not be able to respond to rapid technological changes, extend our platform, or develop new features.

The communications and collaboration technologies market is characterized by rapid technological change and
frequent new product and service introductions. Our ability to grow our user base and increase revenue from
customers will depend heavily on our ability to enhance and improve our platform; introduce new features and
products; and interoperate across an increasing range of devices, operating systems, and third-party applications.
Our customers may require features and capabilities that our current platform does not have. We invest
significantly in research and development, and our goal is to focus our spending on measures that improve quality
and ease of adoption, enhance privacy and security, and create organic
                                                        18                                                         
Table of Contents
user demand for our platform. There is no assurance that new additions or other future enhancements to our platform
or new product experiences, features, or capabilities will be compelling to our users or gain market acceptance, or
that they will perform as expected. If our research and development investments do not accurately anticipate user
demand or if we fail to develop our platform in a manner that satisfies user preferences and requirements in a
timely and cost-effective manner, we may fail to retain our existing users or increase demand for our platform.

The introduction of new products and services by competitors or the development of entirely new technologies to
replace existing offerings could make our platform obsolete or adversely affect our business, results of
operations, and financial condition. We may experience difficulties with software development, design, or marketing
that could delay or prevent our development, introduction, or implementation of new product experiences, features,
or capabilities. We have in the past experienced delays in our internally planned release dates of new features and
capabilities and there can be no assurance that new product experiences, features, or capabilities will be released
according to schedule. Any delays could result in adverse publicity, loss of revenue or market acceptance, or
claims by users brought against us, all of which could harm our business. Moreover, new productivity features to
our platform may require substantial investment, and we have no assurance that such investments will be successful.
If customers and hosts do not widely adopt our new product experiences, features, and capabilities, or they do not
perform as expected, we may not be able to realize a return on our investment. If we are unable to develop,
license, or acquire new features and capabilities to our platform on a timely and cost-effective basis, or if such
enhancements do not achieve market acceptance, our business would be harmed.

The failure to effectively develop and expand our marketing and sales capabilities could harm our ability to
increase our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our platform.

Our ability to increase our customer and host base and achieve broader market acceptance of our products and
services will depend to a significant extent on our ability to expand our marketing and sales operations. We plan
to continue expanding our sales force and strategic partners, both domestically and internationally. If we are
unable to hire a sufficient number of qualified sales personnel in the near term, our future revenue growth and
business could be adversely impacted.

Identifying and recruiting qualified sales representatives and training them is time consuming and resource
intensive, and they may not be fully trained and productive for a significant amount of time. We also plan to
dedicate significant resources to sales and marketing programs, including internet and other online advertising.
All of these efforts will require us to invest significant financial and other resources. In addition, the cost to
acquire customers and hosts is high due to these marketing and sales efforts. Our business will be harmed if our
efforts do not generate a correspondingly significant increase in revenue. We will not achieve anticipated revenue
growth from expanding our sales force if we are unable to hire, develop, and retain talented sales personnel, our
new sales personnel are unable to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time, or if our
sales and marketing programs are not effective.

Our security measures have been compromised in the past and may be compromised in the future. If our security
measures are compromised in the future or if our information technology fails, this could harm our reputation,
expose us to significant fines and liability, impair our sales, and harm our business. In addition, our products
and services may be perceived as not being secure. This perception may result in customers and hosts curtailing or
ceasing their use of our products, our incurring significant liabilities, and our business being harmed.

Our operations involve the storage and transmission of customer and user information. Security incidents have
occurred in the past and may occur in the future, resulting in unauthorized access to, loss or unauthorized
disclosure of, or inadvertent disclosure of, this information, interruptions, delays, or outages in our operations
and services, regulatory investigations or enforcement actions, litigation, indemnity obligations, and other
possible liabilities, as well as negative publicity, which could damage our reputation, impair our sales, and harm
our business.

Cyberattacks and other malicious internet-based activity continue to increase, and cloud-based platform providers
of products and services have been and are expected to continue to be targeted. In addition to traditional computer
“hackers,” we face security risks from sophisticated nation-state and nation-state supported actors, and advanced
persistent threat intrusions. We may be subject to a variety of evolving threats, including but not limited to
social-engineering attacks (including through phishing attacks), malicious code (such as viruses and worms),
malware (including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions), denial-of-service attacks (such as
credential stuffing), personnel misconduct or error, supply-chain attacks, software bugs, server malfunctions,
software or hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, adware, telecommunications
failures, earthquakes, fires, floods, and other similar threats. Ransomware attacks, including those perpetrated by
organized criminal threat actors, nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors, are becoming increasingly
prevalent and severe and can lead to significant interruptions in our operations, loss of data and income,
reputational harm, and diversion of funds. Extortion payments may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware
attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments due to, for example, applicable laws or regulations
prohibiting such payments. If our security measures are compromised, our reputation could be damaged; our data,
information or intellectual property, or that of our
                                                        19                                                         
Table of Contents
customers, may be destroyed, stolen, or otherwise compromised; our business may be harmed; and we could incur
significant liability. We have not always been able in the past and may be unable in the future to anticipate or
prevent threats or techniques used to detect or exploit vulnerabilities in our services or software or third-party
software, or obtain unauthorized access to or compromise our systems, because such threats and techniques change
frequently and are generally not detected until after an incident has occurred. In addition, security researchers
and other individuals have in the past and will continue in the future to actively search for and exploit actual
and potential vulnerabilities in our software or services. This activity may increase because of increased demand
for our services and increased media scrutiny of our unified communications platform, and can lead to additional
adverse publicity, reputational harm, extortion threats, business and operational interruptions, security
incidents, additional expenses, litigation, regulatory investigations and actions, and substantial harm to our
business, some of which we have experienced during the COVID-19 pandemic. For example, in July 2019, a security
researcher published a blog highlighting concerns with the Zoom Meeting platform, including certain video-on
features. We were able to release updates to the software addressing these vulnerabilities, and we are not aware of
any customers being affected or meetings compromised by these vulnerabilities. In most cases customers are
responsible for installing this update to the software, and their software is subject to these vulnerabilities
until they do so. Additionally, in March 2020, a security researcher reported certain vulnerabilities related to
our macOS version that could have allowed an unauthorized person to gain root access to a user’s system.

Given the nature of our business and operations, our products and services will inevitably contain vulnerabilities
or critical security defects that have not been identified or remediated and cannot be disclosed without
compromising security. We have identified vulnerabilities in our products and services in the past, and we expect
that we will continue to identify vulnerabilities in the future. We cannot be certain that we will be able to
address any vulnerabilities in our software products and services that we may become aware of in the future, or
there may be delays in developing patches that can be effectively deployed to address vulnerabilities. We expect
security issues to arise in the future as our products and services are more widely adopted, and as we continue to
expand the features and functionality of existing products and introduce new products.

While we have invested and expect to continue to invest significant resources in an effort to protect against
security incidents and to mitigate, detect, and remediate actual and potential vulnerabilities, we will continue to
make prioritization decisions to determine which vulnerabilities or security defects to fix and the timing of these
fixes, which could result in an exploit that compromises security. Further, in many cases, customers are
responsible for installing our software updates, and until they do so, their service remains subject to the
vulnerabilities addressed in the software update. Vulnerabilities and critical security defects, errors in
remediating vulnerabilities or security defects, failure of third-party providers to remediate vulnerabilities or
security defects, or customers not deploying security releases or deciding not to install software updates could
result in claims of liability against us, damage our reputation, or otherwise harm our business.

Security incidents and vulnerabilities, and concerns regarding privacy, data protection, and information security
may also cause some of our customers and hosts to stop using our solutions and fail to upgrade or renew their
subscriptions. Further, as we rely on third-party and public-cloud infrastructure, we depend in part on third-party
security measures to protect against unauthorized access, cyberattacks, and the mishandling of data and
information. Failures to meet customers’ and hosts’ expectations with respect to security and confidentiality of
their data and information could damage our reputation and affect our ability to retain customers and hosts,
attract new customers and hosts, and grow our business. In addition, cybersecurity events or security
vulnerabilities could result in breaches of our agreements with customers, lawsuits against us (including class
action litigation), regulatory investigations or actions, and significant increases in costs, including costs for
remediating the effects of such an event or vulnerability, lost revenue due to network downtime, and a decrease in
customer, host, and user trust, increases in insurance premiums due to cybersecurity incidents, increased costs to
address cybersecurity issues, and attempts to prevent future incidents, fines, penalties, judgments and
settlements, and attorney fees, and harm to our business and our reputation because of any such incident.

Many governments have enacted laws requiring companies to provide notice of data security incidents involving
certain types of personal data. Such laws are inconsistent, and compliance in the event of a widespread data breach
is costly. In addition, some of our customers require us to notify them of data security breaches. Security
compromises experienced by our competitors, our customers, or us may lead to public disclosures, which may lead to
widespread negative publicity. In addition, while more than half of our employees are based in the United States,
like many similarly situated technology companies, we have a sizable number of research and development personnel
in China, which has exposed and could continue to expose us to governmental and regulatory as well as market and
media scrutiny regarding the actual or perceived integrity of our platform or data security and privacy features.

Any security compromise in our industry, whether actual or perceived, could harm our reputation, erode confidence
in the effectiveness of our security measures; negatively affect our ability to attract new customers and hosts;
cause existing customers to elect not to renew their subscriptions; or subject us to third-party lawsuits,
regulatory investigations, proceedings, and fines, or other action or liability, which could harm our business and
reputation. Increased usage of our services, novel uses of our services, and additional awareness of Zoom and our
brand could lead to greater public scrutiny of, press related to, or a
                                                        20                                                         
Table of Contents
negative perception of our information security and potential vulnerabilities associated with, our platform. For
example, in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, we opened our platform to unprecedented numbers of first-time
users, leading to challenges for users who did not have full IT support or established protocols for security and
privacy like our larger customers. As a result, we have experienced negative publicity related to meeting
disruptions and security and privacy issues, including on encryption. Such unfavorable publicity and scrutiny could
result in material reputational harm, a loss of customer and user confidence, increased regulatory or litigation
exposure, additional expenses, and other harm to our business.

There can be no assurance that any limitations of liability provisions in our subscription agreements, terms of
use, or other agreements would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any such liabilities
or damages with respect to any particular claim. We also cannot be sure that our existing general liability
insurance coverage and coverage for cyber liability or errors or omissions will continue to be available on
acceptable terms or will be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims or that the insurer
will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that
are not covered or exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies,
including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could harm our
business.

Our business depends on a strong brand, and if we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand, our ability to
expand our base of users will be impaired and our business will be harmed.

We believe that our brand identity and awareness have contributed to our success and have helped fuel our efficient
go-to-market strategy. We connect people through frictionless and secure video, voice, chat, and content sharing.
We also believe that maintaining and enhancing the Zoom brand is critical to expanding our base of customers,
hosts, and users and, in particular, conveying to users and the public that the Zoom brand consists of a broad
communications platform, rather than just one distinct product. For example, if users incorrectly view the Zoom
brand primarily as a video conferencing point solution or utility rather than as a platform with multiple
communications solutions, or have a negative perception of our privacy and security, then our market position may
be detrimentally impacted. We anticipate that, as our market becomes increasingly competitive, maintaining and
enhancing our brand may become increasingly difficult and expensive. Any unfavorable publicity or perception of our
platform, including any delays or interruptions in service due to capacity constraints stemming from increased
usage due to the COVID-19 pandemic, or of our privacy or security features, or of the providers of communication
and collaboration technologies generally, could adversely affect our reputation and our ability to attract and
retain hosts. Similarly, any unfavorable perception of our company, including due to any actual or perceived
violation by our employees of our policies, such as our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, could cause us
reputational harm and customer loss, impact our financial performance, expose us to litigation, and harm our
business, among other things. If we fail to promote and maintain the Zoom brand, including consumer and public
perception of our platform or our company, or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business will be
harmed.

We may not successfully manage our growth or plan for future growth.

Since our founding in 2011, we have experienced rapid growth. For example, our headcount has grown from 4,422 full-
time employees as of January 31, 2021, to 6,787 full-time employees as of January 31, 2022, with employees located
both in the United States and internationally. The growth and expansion of our business places a continuous,
significant strain on our management, operational, and financial resources. Further growth of our operations to
support our user base, our expanding third-party relationships, our information technology systems, and our
internal controls and procedures may not be adequate to support our operations. In addition, as we continue to
grow, we face challenges integrating, developing, and motivating a rapidly growing employee base in various
countries around the world. For example, a significant number of our employees were hired in the last two years and
have never been to one of our office locations. Certain members of our management have not previously worked
together for an extended period of time, and some do not have prior experience managing a public company, which may
affect how they manage our growth. Managing our growth will also require significant expenditures and allocation of
valuable management resources.

In addition, our rapid growth may make it difficult to evaluate our future prospects. Our ability to forecast our
future results of operations is subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to effectively plan for
and model future growth. We have encountered in the past, and may encounter in the future, risks and uncertainties
frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries. If we fail to achieve the necessary
level of efficiency in our organization as it grows, or if we are not able to accurately forecast future growth,
our business would be harmed.

Our business may be significantly affected by a change in the economy, including any resulting effect on consumer
or business spending.

Our business may be affected by changes in the economy generally, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic,
any resulting effect on spending by our customers, and inflation. While some of our customers may consider our
platform to be
                                                        21                                                         
Table of Contents
a cost-saving purchase, decreasing the need for business travel, others may view a subscription to our platform as
a discretionary purchase, and our customers may reduce their discretionary spending on our platform during an
economic downturn. Given current economic conditions, including inflation, we could experience a reduction in
demand and loss of customers, especially if the effects of the current economic environment have a prolonged impact
on various industries that our unified communications platform addresses. We would lose customers as a result of
customers ceasing to do business, and we could experience a material increase in longer payment cycles and greater
difficulty in collecting accounts receivable from certain customers. While we have seen increased usage stemming
from the COVID-19 pandemic, a significant portion of the increase in usage of our platform is attributable to free
Basic accounts, which do not generate any revenue. Moreover, while we continue to add paid users to our customer
base, we expect our user growth rate to continue to slow or decline as the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
continues to taper, particularly in light of a potential economic downturn.

Our ability to sell subscriptions to our platform could be harmed by real or perceived material defects or errors
in our platform.

The software technology underlying our platform is inherently complex and may contain material defects or errors,
particularly when new products are first introduced or when new features or capabilities are released. We have from
time to time found defects or errors in our platform, and new defects or errors in our existing platform or new
products may be detected in the future by us or our users. There can be no assurance that our existing platform and
new products will not contain defects. Any real or perceived errors, failures, vulnerabilities, or bugs in our
platform have in the past resulted and could in the future result in negative publicity or lead to data security,
access, retention, or other performance issues, all of which could harm our business. The costs incurred in
correcting such defects or errors may be substantial and could harm our business. Moreover, the harm to our
reputation and legal liability related to such defects or errors may be substantial and would harm our business.

We also utilize hardware purchased or leased and software and services licensed from third parties to offer our
platform. Any defects in, or unavailability of, our or third-party hardware, software, or services that cause
interruptions to the availability of our services, loss of data, or performance issues could, among other things:

• cause a reduction in revenue or delay in market acceptance of our platform;

• require us to issue refunds to our customers or expose us to claims for damages;

• cause us to lose existing hosts and make it more difficult to attract new customers and hosts;

• divert our development resources or require us to make extensive changes to our platform, which would increase
our expenses;

• increase our technical support costs; and

• harm our reputation and brand.

If we were to lose the services of our Chief Executive Officer or other members of our senior management team, we
may not be able to execute our business strategy.

Our success depends in a large part upon the continued service of key members of our senior management team. In
particular, our founder, President and Chief Executive Officer, Eric S. Yuan, is critical to our overall
management, as well as the continued development of our products, services, the Zoom platform, our culture, our
strategic direction, engineering, and our global operations, including regions such as the United States, Europe,
Middle East, and Africa (“EMEA”), and Asia Pacific (“APAC”). All of our executive officers are at-will employees,
and we do not maintain any key person life insurance policies. Any changes in our senior management team in
particular, even in the ordinary course of business, may be disruptive to our business. While we seek to prepare
for such transitions, including by establishing strong processes and procedures and succession planning, such
changes may result in a loss of institutional knowledge and cause disruptions to our business. If our senior
management team fails to work together effectively or execute our plans and strategies on a timely basis as a
result of management turnover or otherwise, our business could be harmed.

The failure to attract and retain additional qualified personnel or to maintain our happiness-centric company
culture could harm our business and culture and prevent us from executing our business strategy.

To execute our business strategy, we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Competition for
executives, software developers, sales personnel, and other key employees in our industry is intense. In
particular, we compete with many other companies for software developers with high levels of experience in
designing, developing, and managing software for communication and collaboration technologies, as well as for
skilled sales and operations professionals. At times, we have experienced, and we may continue to experience,
difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with appropriate qualifications, and we may not be able to fill
positions in a timely manner or at all. In addition, our recruiting personnel, methodology, and approach may need
to be altered to address a changing candidate pool and profile. We may not be able to identify or implement
                                                        22                                                         
Table of Contents
such changes in a timely manner. In addition, we have experienced and may continue to experience employee turnover
as a result of the ongoing “great resignation” occurring throughout the U.S. economy. New hires require training
and take time before they achieve full productivity. New employees may not become as productive as we expect, and
we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals. If we fail to attract new personnel
or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business could be harmed.

Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we have, and some
of these companies may offer more attractive compensation packages. Particularly in the San Francisco Bay Area, job
candidates and existing employees carefully consider the value of the equity awards they receive in connection with
their employment. If the perceived value of our equity awards declines, or if the mix of equity and cash
compensation that we offer is unattractive, it may adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain highly
skilled employees. Job candidates may also be threatened with legal action under agreements with their existing
employers if we attempt to hire them, which could impact hiring and result in a diversion of our time and
resources. Additionally, laws and regulations, such as restrictive immigration laws, may limit our ability to
recruit internationally. Moreover, as we plan to reopen our offices, vaccine mandates and similar government orders
and restrictions could result in employee attrition and difficulty in recruiting. We must also continue to retain
and motivate existing employees through our compensation practices, company culture, and career development
opportunities. If we fail to attract new personnel or to retain our current personnel, our business would be
harmed.

We believe that a critical component to our success and our ability to retain our best people is our culture. As we
continue to grow and develop a public company infrastructure, we may find it difficult to maintain our happiness-
centric company culture. Transparency is also an important part of our culture, and one that we practice every day.
As we continue to grow, maintaining this culture of transparency will present its own challenges that we will need
to address, including the type of information and level of detail that we share with our employees.

In addition, as our stock price has fluctuated since our IPO, employees joining us at different times could have
significant disparities in proceeds from sales of our equity in the public markets, which could create disparities
in wealth among our employees, which may harm our culture and relations among employees and our business. Further,
the volatility of our stock price may make our equity compensation less attractive to current and potential
employees, and could contribute to increased turnover or difficulties in hiring.

We have significant and expanding operations outside the United States, which may subject us to increased business,
regulatory and economic risks that could harm our business.

Our platform addresses the communications needs of users worldwide, and we see international expansion as a major
opportunity. Our revenue from APAC and EMEA collectively represented 33%, 31%, and 19% of our total revenue for the
fiscal years ended January 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. We plan to add local sales support in further
select international markets over time. Our customers include multinational corporations with global users, and we
expect to continue to expand our international operations, which may include opening offices in new jurisdictions
and providing our platform in additional languages to support the needs of these multinational corporations. Any
new markets or countries into which we attempt to allow users to access our services or sell subscriptions to our
platform may not be receptive. For example, if we are not able to satisfy certain government- and industry-specific
requirements, we may experience service outages or other adverse consequences which would impair our ability to
expand further into certain markets. In addition, our ability to manage our business and conduct our operations
internationally in the future may require considerable management attention and resources and is subject to the
particular challenges of supporting a rapidly growing business in an environment of multiple languages, cultures,
customs, legal and regulatory systems, alternative dispute systems, and commercial markets. Future international
expansion will require investment of significant funds and other resources. We also face risks related to
recruiting and retaining talented and capable employees outside the United States, including complying with complex
employment- and compensation-related laws, regulations, and practices in these international jurisdictions, and
maintaining our company culture across all of our offices. We may also be unable to grant equity compensation to
employees in certain countries outside of the United States due to the complexities of local laws and regulations.
This may require us to offer equally compelling alternatives to supplement our compensation, such as long-term cash
compensation plans or increased short-term cash compensation, in order to continue to attract and retain employees
in these jurisdictions.

Operating internationally subjects us to new risks and may increase risks that we currently face, including risks
associated with:

• providing our platform and operating our business across a significant distance, in different languages and among
different cultures, including the potential need to modify our platform and features to ensure that they are
culturally appropriate and relevant in different countries;

• compliance with applicable international laws and regulations, including laws and regulations with respect to
privacy, information security, telecommunications requirements, data protection, consumer protection, and
unsolicited email,
                                                        23                                                         
Table of Contents
and the risk of penalties to us and individual members of management or employees if our practices are deemed to be
out of compliance;

• operating in foreign jurisdictions where the government may impede or interrupt our ability to provide our
services;

• management of an employee base in jurisdictions that may not give us the same employment and retention
flexibility as does the United States;

• operating in jurisdictions that do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as does the United
States and the practical enforcement of such intellectual property rights outside of the United States;

• foreign government interference with our non-core intellectual property that resides outside of the United
States, such as the risk of changes in foreign laws that could restrict our ability to use our intellectual
property outside of the foreign jurisdiction in which we developed it;

• integration with partners outside of the United States;

• compliance by us and our business partners with anti-corruption laws, import and export control laws, tariffs,
trade barriers, economic sanctions, and other regulatory limitations on our ability to provide our platform in
certain international markets;

• foreign exchange controls that might require significant lead time in setting up operations in certain geographic
territories and might prevent us from repatriating cash earned outside the United States;

• political and economic instability, including as a result of the United Kingdom's (“U.K.”) withdrawal from the
European Union (“EU”), and other political tensions between countries in which we do business;

• changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, including the imposition of new trade restrictions, trade
protection measures, import or export requirements, trade embargoes, and other trade barriers;

• generally longer payment cycles and greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable, a risk that may
increase as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our customers' ability to pay for our service on a
timely basis;

• double taxation of our international earnings and potentially adverse tax consequences due to changes in the
income and other tax laws of the United States or the international jurisdictions in which we operate, including
the imposition of digital services taxes; and

• higher costs of doing business internationally, including increased accounting, travel, infrastructure, and legal
compliance costs.

In addition, following Russia’s military invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, NATO deployed additional military
forces to Eastern Europe, and the United States, European Union, and other nations announced various sanctions
against Russia. The invasion of Ukraine and the retaliatory measures that have been taken, and could be taken in
future, by the U.S., NATO, and other countries have created global security concerns that could result in a
regional conflict and otherwise have a lasting impact on regional and global economies, any or all of which could
adversely affect our business.

Compliance with laws and regulations applicable to our global operations substantially increases our cost of doing
business in international jurisdictions. We may be unable to keep current with changes in laws and regulations as
they occur. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to support compliance with these laws and
regulations, there can be no assurance that we will always maintain compliance or that all of our employees,
contractors, partners, and agents will comply. Any violations could result in enforcement actions, fines, civil and
criminal penalties, damages, injunctions, or reputational harm. If we are unable to comply with these laws and
regulations or manage the complexity of our global operations successfully, we may need to relocate or cease
operations in certain foreign jurisdictions. Additionally, while our engineering team is headquartered in the
United States, we employ a product development team that has a relatively significant footprint in China today,
where personnel costs are less expensive than in many other geographies. This product development team carries out
the design and architecture decisions made by our U.S. engineering team. We also intend to expand our research and
development presence in Phoenix, Arizona and Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, as well as in Singapore and India. As a
result of this expansion, we could experience, among other things, difficulty in attracting and retaining talent in
these locations and higher operating expenses, which would adversely impact our operating margins and harm our
business.

At the same time, our operations in China have caused and may in the future cause us to be subject to regulatory
scrutiny both in China and in the United States. For example, in September 2019, the Chinese government turned off
our service in China without warning and requested that we take certain steps prior to restoring our service,
including designating an in-house contact for law enforcement requests and transferring China-based user data
housed in the United States to a data center in China. Also, in June and July 2020, we received subpoenas from the
Department of Justice’s U.S. Attorney’s Office for the
                                                        24                                                         
Table of Contents
Eastern District of New York (“EDNY”) and the Department of Justice’s U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Northern
District of California (“NDCA”). The EDNY and NDCA subpoenas requested information about (among other things) our
interactions with foreign governments and/or foreign political parties, including the Chinese government, as well
as about storage of and access to user data, including the use of servers based overseas. In addition, the EDNY
subpoena requested information about the actions we took relating to the Tiananmen commemorations on Zoom. The NDCA
subpoena also requested documents and information about (among other things) contacts between our employees and
representatives of the Chinese government, and any attempted or successful influence by any foreign government in
our policies, procedures, practices, and actions as they relate to users in the United States. We are fully
cooperating with these investigations and have been conducting our own thorough internal investigation. These
investigations are ongoing, and we do not know when they will be completed, which facts we will ultimately discover
as a result of the investigations, or what actions the government may or may not take. We cannot predict the
outcome of these investigations, and a negative outcome in any or all of these matters could cause us to incur
substantial fines, penalties, or other financial exposure, as well as material reputational harm, a loss of
customer and user confidence and business, additional expenses, and other harm to our business.

We recognize revenue from subscriptions to our platform over the terms of these subscriptions. Consequently,
increases or decreases in new sales may not be immediately reflected in our results of operations and may be
difficult to discern.

We recognize revenue from subscriptions to our platform over the terms of these subscriptions. As a result, a
portion of the revenue we report in each quarter is derived from the recognition of deferred revenue relating to
subscriptions entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any
single quarter may have an immaterial impact on the revenue that we recognize for that quarter. However, such a
decline will negatively affect our revenue in future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in
sales and potential changes in our pricing policies or rate of customer expansion or retention may not be fully
reflected in our results of operations until future periods. In addition, a significant portion of our costs is
expensed as incurred, while revenue is recognized over the term of the subscription. As a result, growth in the
number of new customers and hosts could continue to result in our recognition of higher costs and lower revenue in
the earlier periods of our subscriptions. Finally, our subscription-based revenue model also makes it difficult for
us to rapidly increase our revenue through additional sales in any period, as revenue from new customers or from
existing customers that increase their use of our platform or upgrade to a higher-priced tier of Zoom Meeting plan
must be recognized over the applicable subscription term.

Any failure to offer high-quality support for our customers and hosts may harm our relationships with our customers
and hosts and, consequently, our business.

We have designed our platform to be easy to adopt and use with minimal to no support necessary. However, if we
experience increased user demand for support, we may face increased costs that may harm our results of operations.
Surging demand during the COVID-19 pandemic has required us to allocate additional resources to support our
expanded user base, including many hosts and customers who are using our platform for the first time. In addition,
as we continue to grow our operations and support our global user base, we need to be able to continue to provide
efficient support that meets our customers and hosts’ needs globally at scale. Customers and hosts receive
additional support features, and the number of our hosts has grown significantly, which will put additional
pressure on our support organization. If we are unable to provide efficient user support globally at scale or if we
need to hire additional support personnel, including as a result of increased demand during the COVID-19 pandemic,
our business may be harmed. Our new customer and host signups are highly dependent on our business reputation and
on positive recommendations from our existing customers and hosts. Any failure to maintain high-quality support, or
a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality support for our customers and hosts, would harm our
business.

We utilize our network of resellers to sell our products and services, and our failure to effectively develop,
manage, and maintain our indirect sales channels would harm our business.

Our future success depends on our continued ability to establish and maintain a network of channel relationships,
and we expect that we will need to maintain and expand our network as we expand into international markets. A small
portion of our revenue is derived from our network of sales agents and resellers, which we refer to collectively as
resellers, many of which sell or may in the future decide to sell their own products and services or services from
other communications solutions providers. Loss of or reduction in sales through these third parties could reduce
our revenue. Our competitors may in some cases be effective in causing our reseller or potential reseller to favor
their products and services or prevent or reduce sales of our products and services. Recruiting and retaining
qualified resellers in our network and training them in our technology and product offerings requires significant
time and resources. If we decide to further develop and expand our indirect sales channels, we must continue to
scale and improve our processes and procedures to support these channels, including investment in systems and
training. Many resellers may not be willing to invest the time and resources required to train their staff to
                                                        25                                                         
Table of Contents
effectively sell our platform. If we fail to maintain relationships with our resellers, fail to develop
relationships with new resellers in new markets, or expand the number of resellers in existing markets or fail to
manage, train, or provide appropriate incentives to our existing resellers, our ability to increase the number of
new customers and hosts and increase sales to existing customers could be adversely impacted, which would harm our
business.

Our results of operations, which are reported in U.S. dollars, could be adversely affected if currency exchange
rates fluctuate substantially in the future.

We sell to customers globally and have international operations primarily in Australia, China, and the U.K. As we
continue to expand our international operations, we will become more exposed to the effects of fluctuations in
currency exchange rates. Although the majority of our cash generated from revenue is denominated in U.S. dollars, a
small amount is denominated in foreign currencies, and our expenses are generally denominated in the currencies of
the jurisdictions in which we conduct our operations. For the fiscal years ended January 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020,
22.6%, 20.2%, and 9.4% of our revenue, respectively, and 16.8%, 11.9%, and 17.5% of our expenses, respectively,
were denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars. Because we conduct business in currencies other than U.S.
dollars but report our results of operations in U.S. dollars, we also face remeasurement exposure to fluctuations
in currency exchange rates, which could hinder our ability to predict our future results and earnings and could
materially impact our results of operations. We do not currently maintain a program to hedge exposures to non-U.S.
dollar currencies.

Our sales to government entities and other government contractors are subject to a number of additional challenges
and risks.

We expect to increase our sales to U.S. federal and state and foreign governmental agency customers, which may
occur through sales to other companies that re-sell our services to government customers and/or through direct
sales to government entities. We received authorization under the U.S. Federal Risk and Authorization Management
Program (“FedRAMP”) that allows U.S. federal government agencies and contractors to securely use our Zoom for
Government offering. The additional risks and challenges associated with doing business with governmental entities
include, but are not limited to, the following:

• selling to governmental entities can be more competitive, expensive, and time-consuming than selling to private
entities, often requiring significant up-front time and expense and ongoing compliance costs without any assurance
that these efforts will generate a sale;

• government certification requirements may change, or we may be unable to achieve or sustain one or more
government certifications, including FedRAMP, which may restrict our ability to sell into the government sector
until we have attained such certificates;

• contracts with governmental entities and other government contractors, including resellers in the government
market, contain terms that differ less favorably from what we generally agree to in our standard agreements,
including, terms and conditions required by regulation that are not negotiable with the customer;

• non-compliance with terms and conditions of government contracts, or with representations or certifications made
in connection with government contracts, can result in significantly more adverse consequences than we typically
would expect in the commercial market, including, depending on the circumstances, criminal liability, liability
under the civil False Claims Act, and/or suspension or debarment from doing business with governmental entities;

• government demand and payment for our products may be influenced by public sector budgetary cycles and funding
authorizations, with funding reductions or delays having an adverse impact on public sector demand for our
products; and

• government-imposed vaccine mandates could result in increased attrition and difficulties in recruiting, and non-
compliance with any such mandates could restrict our ability to do business with governmental entities.

To the extent that we become more reliant on contracts with government entities and/or other government contractors
in the future, our exposure to such risks and challenges could increase, which in turn could adversely impact our
business.

In May 2021, the Biden Administration issued an Executive Order requiring federal agencies to implement additional
information technology security measures, including, among other things, requiring agencies to adopt multifactor
authentication and encryption for data at rest and in transit to the maximum extent consistent with Federal records
laws and other applicable laws. The Executive Order will lead to the development of secure software development
practices and/or criteria for a consumer software labeling program, which will reflect a baseline level of secure
practices, for software that is developed and sold to the U.S. federal government. Software developers will be
required to provide visibility into their software and make security data publicly available. Due to this Executive
Order, federal agencies may require us to modify our cybersecurity practices and policies, thereby increasing our
compliance costs. If we are unable to meet the requirements of the Executive Order, our ability to work with the
U.S. government may be impaired and may result in a loss of revenue.
                                                        26                                                         
Table of Contents
Our current products, as well as products, features, and functionality that we may introduce in the future, may not
be widely accepted by our customers and hosts or may receive negative attention or may require us to compensate or
reimburse third parties, any of which may lower our margins and harm our business.

Our ability to engage, retain, and increase our base of customers and hosts and to increase our revenue will depend
on our ability to successfully create new products, features, and functionality, both independently and together
with third parties. We may introduce significant changes to our existing products or develop and introduce new and
unproven products, including technologies with which we have little or no prior development or operating
experience. These new products and updates may not perform as expected, may fail to engage, retain, and increase
our base of customers and hosts or may create lag in adoption of such new products. New products may initially
suffer from performance and quality issues that may negatively impact our ability to market and sell such products
to new and existing customers and hosts. The short- and long-term impact of any major change to our products, or
the introduction of new products, is particularly difficult to predict. If new or enhanced products fail to engage,
retain, and increase our base of customers and hosts, or do not perform as expected, we may fail to generate
sufficient revenue, operating margin, or other value to justify our investments in such products, any of which may
harm our business in the short term, long term, or both. In addition, our current products, as well as products,
features, and functionality that we may introduce in the future, may require us to compensate or reimburse third
parties. For example, our cloud phone system, Zoom Phone, is a PBX phone solution that requires us to compensate
carriers that operate the PSTN. As a result, a portion of the payments that we will receive from customers that
will use our Zoom Phone product will be allocated towards compensating these telephone carriers, which lowers our
margins for Zoom Phone as compared to our other products. In addition, new products that we introduce in the future
may similarly require us to compensate or reimburse third parties, all of which would lower our profit margins for
any such new products. If this trend continues with our new and existing products, including Zoom Phone, it could
harm our business.

If we experience excessive fraudulent activity or cannot meet evolving credit card association merchant standards,
we could incur substantial costs and lose the right to accept credit cards for payment, which could cause our
customer and paid host base to decline significantly.

A large portion of our customers authorize us to bill their credit card accounts directly for our products. If
customers pay for their subscriptions with stolen credit cards, we could incur substantial third-party vendor costs
for which we may not be reimbursed. Further, our customers provide us with credit card billing information online
or over the phone, and we do not review the physical credit cards used in these transactions, which increases our
risk of exposure to fraudulent activity. We also incur charges, which we refer to as chargebacks, from the credit
card companies for claims that the customer did not authorize the credit card transaction for our products,
something that we have experienced in the past. If the number of claims of unauthorized credit card transactions
becomes excessive, we could be assessed substantial fines for excess chargebacks, and we could lose the right to
accept credit cards for payment. In addition, credit card issuers may change merchant standards, including data
protection and documentation standards, required to utilize their services from time to time. If we fail to
maintain compliance with current merchant standards or fail to meet new standards, the credit card associations
could fine us or terminate their agreements with us, and we would be unable to accept credit cards as payment for
our products. Our products may also be subject to fraudulent usage and schemes, including third parties accessing
customer accounts or viewing and recording data from our communications solutions. These fraudulent activities can
result in unauthorized access to customer accounts and data, unauthorized use of our products, and charges and
expenses to customers for fraudulent usage. We may be required to pay for these charges and expenses with no
reimbursement from the customer, and our reputation may be harmed if our products are subject to fraudulent usage.
Although we implement multiple fraud prevention and detection controls, we cannot assure you that these controls
will be adequate to protect against fraud. Substantial losses due to fraud or our inability to accept credit card
payments would cause our customer base to significantly decrease and would harm our business.

We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities, which could harm our business.

We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various jurisdictions outside of the United States. Our
effective tax rate could fluctuate due to changes in the proportion of our earnings and losses in countries with
differing statutory tax rates. Our tax expense could also be impacted by changes in non-deductible expenses;
changes in excess tax benefits of stock-based compensation expense; changes in the valuation of, or our ability to
use, deferred tax assets; the applicability of withholding taxes; and effects from acquisitions.

The provision for taxes on our consolidated financial statements could also be impacted by changes in accounting
principles; changes in U.S. federal, state, or foreign tax laws applicable to corporate multinationals; other
fundamental changes in tax law currently being considered by many countries; and changes in taxing jurisdictions’
administrative interpretations, decisions, policies, and positions. In addition, we are subject to review and audit
by U.S. federal, state, local, and foreign tax authorities. Such tax authorities may disagree with tax positions we
take, and if any such tax authority were to successfully challenge any such position, our business could be
adversely impacted.
                                                        27                                                         
Table of Contents
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 requires the capitalization and amortization of research and development expenses
effective for years beginning after December 31, 2021. Absent a change in legislation, we expect it will have a
material impact on our cash flows beginning in the fiscal year ending January 31, 2023. Although Congress is
considering legislation that would defer the amortization requirement to later years, we have no assurance that the
provision will be deferred, repealed, or otherwise modified.

We may also be subject to additional tax liabilities due to changes in non-income-based taxes resulting from
changes in U.S. federal, state, local, or foreign tax laws; changes in taxing jurisdictions’ administrative
interpretations, decisions, policies, and positions; results of tax examinations, settlements, or judicial
decisions; changes in accounting principles, changes to our business operations, including acquisitions; as well as
the evaluation of new information that results in a change to a tax position taken in a prior period. Further, the
Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) and the Inclusive Framework of G20 and other
countries have issued proposals related to the taxation of the digital economy. In addition, several countries have
proposed or enacted Digital Services Taxes (“DST”), many of which would apply to revenue derived from digital
services. Future developments related to such proposals, in particular any unilateral actions outside of the OECD's
Inclusive Framework such as the imposition of DST rules, could have an adverse impact on our business by increasing
our future tax obligations.

Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited.

For state income tax purposes, there may be periods during which the use of net operating losses is suspended or
otherwise limited, including a California franchise tax law change limiting the usability of California state net
operating losses to offset California taxable income in taxable years beginning on or after January 1, 2020 and
before January 1, 2022.

We have maintained a valuation allowance on all our U.S. and U.K. net deferred tax assets since our inception as it
was determined that it was more likely than not that we would not recognize the benefits of these assets. We
continued to record a valuation allowance through the first nine months of fiscal 2022. In the fourth quarter of
fiscal 2022, management concluded that the valuation allowance related to the U.S. federal and state deferred tax
assets was no longer needed primarily due to its assessment of income/loss in recent periods and the forecast of
future taxable income. As of January 31, 2022, based on evaluation of the positive and negative evidence,
management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets will be realized for U.S. federal
and state purposes. Accordingly, management has recognized a non-recurring tax benefit of $328.0 million related to
the valuation allowance reversal. As of January 31, 2022, we continued to maintain a valuation allowance of $12.6
million related to net deferred tax assets of our U.K. subsidiary and will maintain this valuation allowance until
there is sufficient evidence to support the reversal of all or a portion of the allowance.

We have acquired and may continue to acquire other businesses or receive offers to be acquired, which could require
significant management attention, disrupt our business, or dilute stockholder value.

We have made and may continue in the future to make acquisitions of other companies, products, and technologies. We
have limited experience in acquisitions. We may not be able to find suitable acquisition candidates and we may not
be able to complete acquisitions on favorable terms, if at all. If we do complete acquisitions, we may not
ultimately strengthen our competitive position or achieve our goals, and any acquisitions we complete could be
viewed negatively by users, developers, or investors. In addition, we may not be able to integrate acquired
businesses successfully or effectively manage the combined company following an acquisition. If we fail to
successfully integrate our acquisitions, or the people or technologies associated with those acquisitions, into our
company, the results of operations of the combined company could be adversely affected. Any integration process
will require significant time and resources, require significant attention from management and disrupt the ordinary
functioning of our business, and we may not be able to manage the process successfully, which could harm our
business. In addition, we may not successfully evaluate or utilize the acquired technology and accurately forecast
the financial impact of an acquisition transaction, including accounting charges.

We may have to pay cash, incur debt, or issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition, each of which
could affect our financial condition or the value of our capital stock. The sale of equity to finance any such
acquisitions could result in dilution to our stockholders. If we incur more debt, it would result in increased
fixed obligations and could also subject us to covenants or other restrictions that would impede our ability to
flexibly operate our business.

We have a limited operating history at the current scale of our business, which makes it difficult to evaluate our
prospects and future results of operations.

Beginning in the fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2020, we faced unprecedented usage of our unified communications
platform largely due to the COVID-19 pandemic. This usage dramatically changed the scale of our business, and we
have a limited operating history at the current scale of our business. As a result, our ability to forecast our
future results of operations is limited and subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to plan for
and model future growth and expenses. Our historical revenue growth should not be considered indicative of our
future performance. Further, in future periods, our revenue
                                                        28                                                         
Table of Contents
growth could slow or our revenue could decline for a number of reasons, including any reduction in demand for our
platform; increased competition; contraction of our overall market; our inability to accurately forecast demand for
our platform and plan for capacity constraints; or our failure, for any reason, to capitalize on growth
opportunities. The COVID-19 pandemic has also made it difficult to forecast revenue, costs, and expenses, as our
platform has recently faced unprecedented usage from free users and new and existing customers, requiring us to
devote significant resources to bolster our capacity and infrastructure. We have encountered and will encounter
risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries, such as the
risks and uncertainties described herein. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties, which we use
to plan our business, are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our business would
be harmed.

We rely on data from tools to calculate certain of our key business metrics. Real or perceived inaccuracies in such
metrics may harm our reputation and negatively affect our business.

We track our key business metrics with tools that are not independently verified by any third party. Our tools have
limitations, and our methodologies for tracking these metrics may change over time, which could result in
unexpected changes to our performance metrics, including the key metrics we report. If the tools we use to track
these metrics over- or undercount performance or contain errors, the data we report may not be accurate and our
understanding of certain details of our business may be distorted, which could affect our longer-term strategies.

We are continually seeking to improve our ability to measure our key business metrics, and regularly review our
processes to assess potential improvements.
                                                                                                                   
  Risks Related to Laws and Regulations                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
The actual or perceived failure by us, our customers, partners, or vendors to comply with stringent and evolving
privacy, data protection, and information security laws, regulations, standards, policies, and contractual
obligations could harm our reputation and business or subject us to significant fines and liability.

We receive, store, process, generate, use, and share personal information and other customer and user content
necessary to provide our service and ensure it is delivered effectively, to operate our business, for legal and
marketing purposes, and for other business-related purposes. There are numerous federal, state, local, and
international laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, information security and the collection,
storing, sharing, use, processing, transfer, disclosure, and protection of personal information and other content,
the scope of which is changing, subject to differing applications and interpretations and may be inconsistent among
countries, or conflict with other rules. We are also subject to the terms of our privacy policies and contractual
obligations to third parties related to privacy, data protection, and information security. Although we endeavor to
comply with applicable laws and our policies, publications, certifications, and documentation, and other
obligations, we may at times fail to do so or may be perceived to have failed to do so. Moreover, despite our
efforts, we may not be successful in achieving compliance if our employees, vendors or business partners do not
comply with our policies, certifications, and documentation. Any actual or perceived compliance failure, as well as
greater public scrutiny of our privacy, data protection, and information security practices, could result in
increased governmental and regulatory scrutiny and litigation exposure, as well as material reputational harm, a
loss of customer and user confidence and business, additional expenses, and other harm to our business.

For example, in June 2020, we received a grand jury subpoena from the Department of Justice’s U.S. Attorney’s
Office for the EDNY, which requested information regarding our interactions with foreign governments and foreign
political parties, including the Chinese government, as well as information regarding storage of and access to user
data, the development and implementation of Zoom’s privacy policies, and the actions we took relating to the
Tiananmen commemorations on Zoom. In July 2020, we received subpoenas from the Department of Justice’s U.S.
Attorney’s Office for the NDCA and the SEC. Both subpoenas seek documents and information relating to various
security, data protection and privacy matters, including our encryption, and our statements relating thereto, as
well as calculation of usage metrics and related public statements. In addition, the NDCA subpoena seeks
information relating to any contacts between our employees and representatives of the Chinese government, and any
attempted or successful influence by any foreign government in our policies, procedures, practices, and actions as
they relate to users in the United States. We have since received additional subpoenas from EDNY and NDCA seeking
related information. We are fully cooperating with all of these investigations and have been conducting our own
thorough internal investigation. These investigations are ongoing, and we do not know when they will be completed,
which facts we will ultimately discover as a result of the investigations, or what actions the government may or
may not take. We cannot predict the outcome of these investigations, and a negative outcome in any or all of these
matters could cause us to incur substantial fines, penalties, or other financial exposure, as well as material
reputational harm, a loss of customer and user confidence and business, additional expenses, and other harm to our
business.
                                                        29                                                         
Table of Contents
We also expect that there will continue to be new or amended laws, regulations, industry standards, guidance and
contractual obligations concerning privacy, data protection, and information security proposed and enacted in
various jurisdictions. For example, in May 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) went into effect
in the EU, and the United Kingdom (U.K.) implemented the U.K. GDPR. The GDPR and the U.K. GDPR impose more
stringent data protection requirements and provide greater penalties for noncompliance than previous data
protection laws. Companies that violate the GDPR can face private litigation, restrictions on data processing, and
fines of up to the greater of 20 million Euros or 4% of their worldwide annual revenue. Our or our customers’,
partners’, or vendors’ failure to comply with the GDPR could lead to significant fines imposed by regulators or
restrictions on our ability to process personal information as needed to provide our product and services. We may
also be obligated to assist our customers, partners, and vendors with their own compliance obligations under the
GDPR, which could require expenditure of significant resources.

Certain jurisdictions have enacted data localization laws and cross-border data transfer laws. For example, absent
appropriate safeguards or other circumstances, the GDPR generally restricts the transfer of personal information to
countries outside of the EEA, such as the United States, which the European Commission does not consider to provide
an adequate level of data privacy and security. The European Commission released a set of Standard Contractual
Clauses that are designed to be a lawful mechanism by which entities can transfer personal information out of the
EEA to jurisdictions that the European Commission has not found to provide an adequate level of protection. The
Standard Contractual Clauses require parties that rely upon them to comply with additional obligations, such as
conducting transfer impact assessments to determine whether additional security measures are necessary to protect
the at-issue personal information. Moreover, due to potential legal challenges, there exists some uncertainty
regarding whether the Standard Contractual Clauses will remain a valid mechanism for transfers of personal
information out of the EEA. In addition, laws in Switzerland and the U.K. similarly restrict transfers of personal
information outside of those jurisdictions to countries such as the United States that do not provide an adequate
level of personal information protection.

In addition to European restrictions on cross-border transfers of personal information, other jurisdictions have
enacted or are considering similar cross-border personal information transfer laws and local personal information
residency laws, any of which could increase the cost and complexity of doing business. If we cannot implement a
valid compliance mechanism for cross-border transfers, we may face increased exposure to regulatory actions,
substantial fines, and injunctions against processing or transferring personal information from Europe or
elsewhere. The inability to import personal information to the United States could significantly and negatively
impact our business operations; limiting our ability to collaborate with parties that are subject to European and
other privacy, data protection, and information security laws; or requiring us to increase our personal information
processing capabilities in Europe and/or elsewhere at significant expense.

We are also subject to evolving EU and U.K. privacy laws on cookies and e-marketing. European regulators are
increasingly focusing on compliance with requirements in the online behavioral advertising ecosystem, and current
national laws that implement the ePrivacy Directive are likely to be replaced by the ePrivacy Regulation, which
could lead to substantial costs, limit the effectiveness of our marketing and personalization activities, and
subject us to additional liabilities.

States have also begun to introduce more comprehensive privacy legislation. For example, the California Consumer
Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), which went into effect on January 1, 2020, affords consumers expanded privacy
protections. The CCPA allows for statutory fines for noncompliance (up to $7,500 per violation). The CCPA will be
expanded substantially on January 1, 2023 when the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (the “CPRA”), which was
approved by California voters in November 2020, becomes fully operative. Aspects of the CCPA and CPRA, and their
interpretation and enforcement remain uncertain. The potential effects of the CCPA and CPRA are far-reaching and
may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in
an effort to comply.

The CCPA appears to mark the beginning of a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States,
as other states have followed California’s lead and increase protections for their residents. The CCPA has already
prompted a number of proposals for new federal and state privacy legislation that, if passed, could increase our
potential liability, increase our compliance costs and adversely affect our business. In addition, effective
October 1, 2019, Nevada amended its existing Security of Personal Information Law (“SPI Law”) to now require, among
other things, that businesses provide an online mechanism or toll-free phone number to intake requests from
consumers to opt out of the sale of their personal information. Virginia and Colorado have similarly enacted
comprehensive privacy laws, the Consumer Data Protection Act and Colorado Privacy Act, respectively, both laws of
which emulate the CCPA and CPRA in many respects. The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act takes effect on January
1, 2023, and the Colorado Privacy Act takes effect on July 1, 2023.

The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) is a U.S. Federal law that applies to operators of
commercial websites and online services directed to U.S. children under the age of 13 that collect personal
information from children, and to operators of general audience websites with actual knowledge that they are
collecting personal information from U.S. children under the age of 13. We provide video communications services to
schools, school districts, and school systems to support traditional, virtual, and hybrid classrooms, distance
learning, educational office hours, guest lectures, and other services. As part of these services, Zoom may be used
by students, including students under the age of 13, and we collect
                                                        30                                                         
Table of Contents
personal information from such students on behalf of our school subscribers. School subscribers must contractually
consent to Zoom’s information practices on behalf of students, prior to students using the services. In addition,
the GDPR prohibits certain processing of the personal information of children under the age of 13-16 (depending on
the country) without parental consent. If we fail to accurately anticipate the application, interpretation, or
legislative expansion of COPPA, HIPAA, GDPR, and CCPA, we could be subject to governmental enforcement actions,
data processing restrictions, litigation, fines and penalties, adverse publicity or loss of customers. Moreover, as
a result of any such failures, we could be in breach of our K-12 school customer contracts, and our customers could
lose trust in us, which could harm our reputation and business.

With laws and regulations, such as the GDPR and UK GDPR in the EU as well as the CCPA, SPI Law, HIPAA, and COPPA in
the United States imposing relatively burdensome obligations, and with substantial uncertainty over the
interpretation and application of these and other laws and regulations, we have faced and may face additional
challenges in addressing their requirements and making necessary changes to our policies and practices. Additional
uses of our services arising out of increased demand associated with the COVID-19 pandemic may require us to
address additional privacy, data protection, and information security laws, regulations, standards, policies, and
contractual obligations.

We have in the past and may in the future receive inquiries or be subject to investigations by domestic and
international government entities regarding, among other things, our privacy, data protection, and information
security practices. The result of these proceedings could impact our brand reputation, subject us to monetary
remedies and costs, interrupt or require us to change our business practices, divert resources and the attention of
management from our business, or subject us to other remedies that adversely affect our business. We also face
litigation regarding our privacy and security practices, including alleged data sharing with third parties, in
various jurisdictions. See Part I, Item 3 “Legal Proceedings” for additional information.

We were also the subject of an investigation by the FTC relating to our privacy and security representations and
practices. We have reached a settlement agreement with the FTC, which the FTC voted to make final on January 19,
2021. We could fail or be perceived to fail to comply with the terms of the settlement with the FTC or any other
orders or settlements relating to litigation or governmental investigations with respect to our privacy and
security practices. Any failure or perceived failure to comply with such orders or settlements may increase the
possibility of additional adverse consequences, including litigation, additional regulatory actions, injunctions,
or monetary penalties, or require further changes to our business practices, significant management time, or the
diversion of significant operational resources. Furthermore, the costs of compliance with, and other burdens
imposed by, the laws, regulations, policies, and other obligations that are applicable to the businesses of our
users may limit the adoption and use of, and reduce the overall demand for, our platform and services, which could
have an adverse impact on our business.

Additionally, we rely on the administrators of our customers in the healthcare and education industries to obtain
the necessary consents from users of our products and services and to ensure their account settings are configured
correctly for their compliance under applicable laws and regulations, including HIPAA. Furthermore, if third
parties we work with, such as vendors or developers, make misrepresentations, violate applicable laws and
regulations, or our policies, such misrepresentations and violations may also put our users’ content at risk and
could in turn have an adverse effect on our business. Any significant change to applicable laws, regulations, or
industry practices regarding the collection, use, retention, security, or disclosure of our users’ content, or
regarding the manner in which the express or implied consent of users for the collection, use, retention, or
disclosure of such content is obtained, could increase our costs and require us to modify our services and
features, possibly in a material manner, which we may be unable to complete and may limit our ability to store and
process user data or provide or develop new services and features.

Increased usage of our services and additional awareness of Zoom and our brand stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic
has led to greater public scrutiny of, press related to, or a negative perception of our collection, use, storage,
disclosure, and processing of personal information, and our privacy policies and practices. For example, users and
customers, particularly those that are new to Zoom, may not have significant IT or security knowledge or have their
own IT controls like those of a larger organization to configure our service in a manner that provides them with
control over user settings. This has resulted in reports of users and customers experiencing meeting disruptions by
malicious actors. Additional unfavorable publicity and scrutiny has led to increased governmental and regulatory
scrutiny and litigation exposure, and could result in material reputational harm, a loss of customer and user
confidence, additional expenses and other harm to our business.

Changes in government trade policies, including the imposition of tariffs and export restrictions, could limit our
ability to sell our products to certain customers, which may materially adversely affect our sales and results of
operations.

The U.S. or foreign governments may take administrative, legislative, or regulatory action that could materially
interfere with our ability to sell products in certain countries. For example, while we stopped selling our
products directly in China during the six months ended July 31, 2020, the prior U.S. administration had threatened
tougher trade terms with China and other countries, leading to the imposition, or announcement of future
imposition, of substantially higher U.S. Section 301 tariffs on roughly $500 billion of imports from China. In
response, China imposed and proposed new or higher tariffs on U.S.
                                                        31                                                         
Table of Contents
products. The direct and indirect effects of tariffs and other restrictive trade policies are difficult to measure
and are only one part of a larger U.S./China economic and trade policy disagreement. The effects of tariffs are
uncertain because of the dynamic nature of governmental action and responses. Sustained uncertainty about, or
worsening of, current global economic conditions and further escalation of trade tensions between the United States
and its trading partners, especially China, could result in a global economic slowdown and long-term changes to
global trade, including retaliatory trade restrictions that restrict our ability to operate in China. We cannot
predict what actions may ultimately be taken by the new U.S. administration with respect to tariffs or trade
relations between the United States and China or other countries, what products may be subject to such actions, or
what actions may be taken by the other countries in retaliation. Any further deterioration in the relations between
the United States and China could exacerbate these actions and other governmental intervention. For example, the
implementation of China’s national-security law in Hong Kong has created additional U.S.-China tensions and could
potentially increase the risks associated with the business and operations of U.S.-based technology companies in
China. Any alterations to our business strategy or operations made in order to adapt to or comply with any such
changes would be time-consuming and expensive, and certain of our competitors may be better suited to withstand or
react to these changes.

Further, in recent years, the U.S. Government has expressed concerns with the security of information and
communications technology and services (“ICTS”) sourced from providers in China, Russia, and other jurisdictions.
In May 2019, former President Trump issued an executive order that invoked national emergency economic powers to
implement a framework to regulate the acquisition or transfer of ICTS in transactions that imposed undue national
security risks. The executive order is subject to implementation by the Secretary of Commerce and applies to
contracts entered into prior to the effective date of the order. On March 22, 2021, the U.S. Department of Commerce
issued an interim final rule allowing it to identify, review, and prohibit ICTS transactions that pose a national
security risk, including transactions involving specified countries, such as China. Several aspects of this rule
remain unclear including the scope of affected transactions and how the rule will be implemented and enforced in
practice. In addition, the U.S. Commerce Department has implemented additional restrictions and may implement
further restrictions that would affect conducting business with certain Chinese companies. Due to the uncertainty
regarding the timing, content, and extent of any such changes in policy, we cannot assure you that we will
successfully mitigate any negative impact. Depending upon their duration and implementation, these tariffs, the
executive order and its implementation, and other regulatory actions could materially affect our business,
including in the form of increased cost of revenue, decreased margins, increased pricing for customers, and reduced
sales.

We may be subject to additional liabilities on past sales for taxes, surcharges, and fees.

We currently collect and remit applicable indirect taxes in jurisdictions where we, through our employees, have a
presence and where we have determined, based on legal precedents in the jurisdiction, that sales of our platform
are classified as taxable. State and local taxing authorities have differing rules and regulations which are
subject to varying interpretations. This makes the applicability of sales tax to e-commerce businesses, such as
ours, uncertain and complex. We believe that we are not otherwise subject to, or required to collect, additional
taxes, fees, or surcharges imposed by state and local jurisdictions because we do not have a sufficient physical
presence or “nexus” in the relevant taxing jurisdiction, or such taxes, fees, or surcharges do not apply to sales
of our platform in the relevant taxing jurisdiction. There is uncertainty as to what constitutes sufficient nexus
for sales made over the Internet and, after the U.S. Supreme Court’s ruling in South Dakota v. Wayfair, states may
require an e-commerce business with no in-state property or personnel to collect and remit sales tax. Therefore, it
is possible that we could face future audits or challenges of our positions by taxing authorities and that our
liability for these taxes could exceed our estimates. The application of existing, new, or future laws, whether in
the U.S. or internationally, could harm our business.

We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international
markets due to licensing requirements and subject us to liability if we are not in compliance with applicable laws.

Our platform and associated products are subject to various restrictions under U.S. export control and sanctions
laws and regulations, including the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”) and
various economic and trade sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of
Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”). The U.S. export control laws and U.S. economic sanctions laws include restrictions
or prohibitions on the sale or supply of certain products and services to U.S.-embargoed or U.S.-sanctioned
countries, governments, persons, and entities, and also require authorization for the export of certain encryption
items. In addition, various countries regulate the import of certain encryption technology, including through
import permitting and licensing requirements and have enacted or could enact laws that could limit our ability to
distribute our platform or could limit our hosts’ ability to implement our platform in those countries.

Although we have taken precautions to prevent our platform and associated products from being accessed or used in
violation of such laws, we have inadvertently allowed our platform and associated products to be accessed or used
by some customers in potential violation of U.S. economic sanction laws. In addition, we may have inadvertently
made our software products available to some customers in potential violation of the EAR. As a result, we have
submitted and from time to time
                                                        32                                                         
Table of Contents
will continue to submit as warranted initial and final voluntary self-disclosures regarding compliance with U.S.
sanctions and export control laws and regulations to OFAC and the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Industry
and Security (“BIS”). For instance, in June 2021, we submitted an initial voluntary self-disclosure to BIS
regarding compliance with certain U.S. export control laws and regulations.

If we are found to be in violation of U.S. economic sanctions or export control laws in the future, it could result
in fines and penalties. We may also be adversely affected through other penalties, business disruption,
reputational harm, loss of access to certain markets, or otherwise. While we are working to implement additional
controls designed to prevent similar activity from occurring in the future, these controls may not be fully
effective.

Changes in our platform, or changes in export, sanctions, and import laws, may delay the introduction and sale of
subscriptions to our platform in international markets; prevent our customers with international operations from
using our platform; or, in some cases, prevent the access or use of our platform to and from certain countries,
governments, persons, or entities altogether. Further, any change in export or import regulations, economic
sanctions or related laws, shift in the enforcement or scope of existing regulations or change in the countries,
governments, persons, or technologies targeted by such regulations could result in decreased use of our platform or
in our decreased ability to export or sell our platform to existing or potential customers with international
operations. Any decreased use of our platform or limitation on our ability to export or sell our platform would
likely harm our business.

We may be subject to, or assist law enforcement with enforcement of, a variety of U.S. and international laws that
could result in claims, increase the cost of operations or otherwise harm our business due to changes in the laws,
changes in the interpretations of the laws, greater enforcement of the laws, or investigations into compliance with
the laws.

We may be subject to, or assist law enforcement with enforcement of, various laws, including those covering
copyright, indecent content, child protection, consumer protection, telecommunications services, taxation, and
similar matters. It may be difficult, expensive, and disruptive for us to address law enforcement requests,
subpoenas and other legal process, and laws in various jurisdictions may conflict and hamper our ability to satisfy
or comply with such requests, subpoenas and other legal process. There have been instances where improper or
illegal content has been shared on our platform without our knowledge. As a service provider and as a matter of
policy, we do not monitor user meetings. However, to ensure user safety and prevent conduct that is illegal,
violent, or harmful to others, we enforce our terms of service through use of a mix of tools that suggest when such
activity may be occurring on our platform. We also recently created an in-product security feature that allows the
host or co-host of a meeting to easily select a meeting participant that may be engaging in illegal or harmful
behavior and send a report about that behavior to our trust and safety team for evaluation. Our trust and safety
team may take further action as appropriate, including suspension or termination of the participant's account or
referral to law enforcement. While to date we have not been subject to material legal or administrative actions as
a result of improper or illegal content, the laws in this area are currently in a state of flux and vary widely
between jurisdictions. Accordingly, it may be possible that in the future we and our competitors may be subject to
legal actions along with the users who shared such content. In addition, regardless of any legal liability we may
face, our reputation could be harmed should there be an incident generating extensive negative publicity about the
content shared on our platform. Such publicity would harm our business.

We are also subject to consumer protection laws that may affect our sales and marketing efforts, including laws
related to subscriptions, billing, and auto-renewal. These laws, as well as any changes in these laws, could
adversely affect our self-serve model and make it more difficult for us to retain and upgrade customers and attract
new customers and hosts. Additionally, we have in the past, are currently, and may from time to time in the future
become the subject of inquiries and other actions by regulatory authorities as a result of our business practices,
including our subscription, billing, and auto-renewal policies. Consumer protection laws may be interpreted or
applied by regulatory authorities in a manner that could require us to make changes to our operations or incur
fines, penalties, or settlement expenses, which may result in harm to our business.

Our platform depends on the ability of our customers, hosts, and users to access the internet, and our platform has
been blocked or restricted in some countries for various reasons. If we fail to anticipate developments in the law,
or fail for any reason to comply with relevant law, our platform could be further blocked or restricted, and we
could be exposed to significant liability that could harm our business.

We are also subject to various U.S. and international anti-corruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the "FCPA"), and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, as well as other similar anti-
bribery and anti-kickback laws and regulations. These laws and regulations generally prohibit companies and their
employees and intermediaries, from directly or indirectly authorizing, offering, or providing improper payments or
benefits to government officials and other recipients for improper purposes. The FCPA also requires public
companies to make and keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect the transactions of the corporation
and to device and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. Although we take precautions to
prevent violations of anti-corruption laws, our exposure for violating these laws increases as we continue to
expand our international presence, and any failure to comply with such laws could harm our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.
                                                        33                                                         
Table of Contents
Zoom Phone is subject to U.S. federal and international regulation, and other products we may introduce in the
future may also be subject to U.S. federal, state, or international laws, rules, and regulations. Any failure to
comply with such laws, rules, and regulations could harm our business and expose us to liability.

Federal Regulation

Zoom Phone is provided through our wholly owned subsidiary, Zoom Voice Communications, Inc., which is regulated by
the FCC as an interconnected voice over internet protocol ("VoIP") service provider. [As a result, Zoom Phone is
subject to existing or potential FCC regulations, including, but not limited to, regulations relating to privacy,
disability access, porting of numbers, federal Universal Service Fund (“USF”), contributions and other regulatory
assessments, emergency calling/Enhanced 911 (“E-911”), access charges for long distance services, and law
enforcement access.] Congress or the FCC may expand the scope of Zoom Phone’s regulatory obligations at any time.
In addition, FCC classification of Zoom Phone as a common carrier or telecommunications service could result in
additional federal and state regulatory obligations. If we do not comply with any current or future state
regulations that apply to our business, we could be subject to substantial fines and penalties, we may have to
restructure our product offerings, exit certain markets, or raise the price of our products, any of which could
ultimately harm our business and results of operations. Any enforcement action by the FCC, which may be a public
process, would hurt our reputation in the industry, possibly impair our ability to sell Zoom Phone to our customers
and harm our business.

Changes in FCC regulation of the internet and internet-based services also could impose new regulatory obligations
on our other services. On October 27, 2020, the FCC adopted an order concluding that three issues remanded by the
U.S. Court of Appeals following the appeal of its 2018 decision to eliminate its network neutrality rules did not
provide a basis to alter its conclusions in that order. Petitions for reconsideration of this decision are pending.
Democratic control of the Executive Branch, Congress, and the FCC following the 2020 elections increases the
likelihood of legislative or FCC action to reverse the 2018 decision or adopt new network neutrality rules. Such
action could result in extension of common carrier regulation to internet-based communications services like the
ones we offer. The imposition of common carrier regulation would increase our costs, and we could be required to
modify our service offerings to comply with regulatory requirements. The failure to comply with such regulation
could result in substantial fines and penalties and other sanctions.

There have been various Congressional and executive efforts to eliminate or modify Section 230 of the
Communications Act of 1934, enacted as part of the Communications Decency Act of 1996. President Biden and many
Members of Congress from both parties support reform or repeal of Section 230, so the possibility of Congressional
action remains. In addition, the FCC is considering a petition, filed by the Trump Administration, to adopt rules
interpreting Section 230, which limits the liability of internet platforms for third-party content that is
transmitted via those platforms and for good-faith moderation of offensive content. No date has been set for a vote
on that proposal and the FCC has not released any document describing the rules that would be proposed. The
Democratic members of the FCC have indicated that they are opposed to the petition and now control the agenda of
the FCC. There is no schedule for action by the FCC on the petition. If Congress revises or repeals Section 230 or
the FCC adopts rules, we may no longer be afforded the same level of protection offered by Section 230. In
addition, there are pending cases before the judiciary that may result in changes to the protections afforded to
internet platforms, including a lawsuit by former President Trump that, if successful, would greatly limit the
scope of Section 230. These various efforts to limit the protections provided by Section 230 would increase the
risks faced by internet-based businesses, like Zoom, that rely on third-party content. Even if claims asserted
against us do not result in liability, we may incur substantial costs in investigating and defending such claims.
If we are found liable for our customers’ or other users’ activities, we could be required to pay fines or
penalties, redesign business methods or otherwise expend resources to remedy any damages caused by such actions and
to avoid future liability.

State Regulation

State telecommunications regulation of Zoom Phone is generally preempted by the FCC. However, states are allowed to
assess state USF contributions, E-911 fees, and other surcharges. A number of states require us to contribute to
state USF and pay E-911 and other assessments and surcharges, while others are actively considering extending their
programs to include the products we offer and the California Public Utilities Commission is now taking the position
that it can require VoIP providers like Zoom Phone to obtain authority to operate in that state. We generally pass
USF, E-911 fees, and other surcharges through to our customers where we are permitted to do so, which may result in
our products becoming more expensive. We expect that state public utility commissions will continue their attempts
to apply state telecommunications regulations to services like Zoom Phone. If we do not comply with any current or
future state regulations that apply to our business, we could be subject to substantial fines and penalties, we may
have to restructure our product offerings, exit certain markets, or raise the price of our products, any of which
could harm our business.

A federal court judge denied a request for a preliminary injunction against California’s state-specific network
neutrality law, and as a result, California began enforcing that law on March 25, 2021. Trade associations
representing internet service
                                                        34                                                         
Table of Contents
providers appealed the district court’s ruling denying the preliminary injunction, and the appeal was denied on
January 28, 2022. This decision could be appealed to the full court of appeals or the Supreme Court, or the parties
could return to the trial court for further proceedings to determine whether a permanent injunction should be
granted. We cannot predict whether other state initiatives will be enforced, modified, overturned, or vacated.

Legislation has been adopted in Florida and Texas and has been introduced in at least fifteen additional states
that is intended to reduce or eliminate the power of businesses operating on the Internet to moderate user-
generated content, implicitly eliminating the federal protections granted under Section 230. In response to
challenges from industry groups, federal courts have enjoined enforcement of the Florida and Texas laws, but
appeals are pending in both cases. It is likely that any other such state legislation also would be challenged
under the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution and on the ground that it is preempted by Section 230. We cannot
predict whether any such state legislation will be adopted, enforced, modified, overturned, or vacated.

International Regulation

As we expand internationally, we may be subject to telecommunications, consumer protection, privacy, data
protection, and other laws and regulations in the foreign countries where we offer our products. If we do not
comply with any current or future international regulations that apply to our business, we could be subject to
substantial fines and penalties, we may have to restructure our product offerings, exit certain markets, or raise
the price of our products, any of which could harm our business.
                                                                                                                   
  Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
We are currently, and may be in the future, party to intellectual property rights claims and other litigation
matters, which, if resolved adversely, could harm our business.

We protect our intellectual property through patents, copyrights, trademarks, domain names, and trade secrets and,
from time to time, are subject to litigation based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation, or other
violations of intellectual property or other rights. Some companies, including some of our competitors, own large
numbers of patents, copyrights, and trademarks, which they may use to assert claims against us. As we face
increasing competition and gain an increasingly high profile, the possibility of intellectual property rights
claims, commercial claims, and other assertions against us grows. We have in the past been, are currently, and may
from time to time in the future become, a party to litigation and disputes related to our intellectual property,
our business practices, and our platform. While we intend to defend these lawsuits vigorously and believe that we
have valid defenses to these claims, litigation can be costly and time consuming, divert the attention of our
management and key personnel from our business operations and dissuade potential customers from subscribing to our
services, which would harm our business. Furthermore, with respect to these lawsuits, there can be no assurances
that favorable outcomes will be obtained. We may need to settle litigation and disputes on terms that are
unfavorable to us, or we may be subject to an unfavorable judgment that may not be reversible upon appeal. The
terms of any settlement or judgment may require us to cease some or all of our operations or pay substantial
amounts to the other party. In addition, our agreements with certain larger customers include certain provisions
for indemnifying them against liabilities if our services infringe a third party’s intellectual property rights,
which could require us to make payments to our customers. During the course of any litigation or dispute, we may
make announcements regarding the results of hearings and motions and other interim developments. If securities
analysts and investors regard these announcements as negative, the market price of our Class A common stock may
decline. With respect to any intellectual property rights claim, we may have to seek a license to continue
practices found to be in violation of third-party rights, which may not be available on reasonable terms and may
significantly increase our operating expenses. A license to continue such practices may not be available to us at
all, and we may be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology or practices or discontinue the
practices. The development of alternative, non-infringing technology or practices could require significant effort
and expense. Our business could be harmed as a result.

Our failure to protect our intellectual property rights and proprietary information could diminish our brand and
other intangible assets.

We primarily rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of patent, patent licenses, trade secret and
domain name protection, trademark and copyright laws, as well as confidentiality and license agreements with our
employees, consultants, and third parties, to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. We make
business decisions about when to seek patent protection for a particular technology and when to rely upon copyright
or trade secret protection, and the approach we select may ultimately prove to be inadequate. Even in cases where
we seek patent protection, there is no assurance that the resulting patents will effectively protect every
significant feature of our products. In addition, we believe that the protection of our trademark rights is an
important factor in product recognition, protecting our brand and maintaining goodwill. If we do not adequately
protect our rights in our trademarks from infringement and unauthorized use, any goodwill that we have developed in
those trademarks could be lost or impaired, which could harm our brand and our business. Third parties may
knowingly or unknowingly infringe our proprietary rights; third parties may challenge our proprietary right;
pending and future
                                                        35                                                         
Table of Contents
patent, trademark, and copyright applications may not be approved; and we may not be able to prevent infringement
without incurring substantial expense. We have also devoted substantial resources to the development of our
proprietary technologies and related processes. In order to protect our proprietary technologies and processes, we
rely in part on trade secret laws and confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, and third
parties. These agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential information and may not provide an
adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. In addition, others may
independently discover our trade secrets, in which case we would not be able to assert trade secret rights, or
develop similar technologies and processes. Further, the laws of certain foreign countries do not provide the same
level of protection of corporate proprietary information and assets such as intellectual property, trademarks,
trade secrets, know-how, and records, as the laws of the United States. For instance, the legal systems of certain
countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other
intellectual property protection. As a result, we may encounter significant problems in protecting and defending
our intellectual property or proprietary rights abroad. Additionally, we may also be exposed to material risks of
theft or unauthorized reverse engineering of our proprietary information and other intellectual property, including
technical data, manufacturing processes, data sets, or other sensitive information. Our efforts to enforce our
intellectual property rights in such foreign countries may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial
advantage from the intellectual property that we develop, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, and results of operations. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary
to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights. If the protection of our proprietary rights is
inadequate to prevent use or appropriation by third parties, the value of our platform, brand, and other intangible
assets may be diminished, and competitors may be able to more effectively replicate our platform and its features.
Any of these events would harm our business.

Our use of third-party open source software could negatively affect our ability to offer and sell subscriptions to
our platform and subject us to possible litigation.

We have incorporated, and may in the future incorporate, third-party open source software in our technologies. Open
source software is generally licensed by its authors or other third parties under open source licenses. From time
to time, companies that use third-party open source software have faced claims challenging the use of such open
source software and requesting compliance with the open source software license terms. Accordingly, we may be
subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software or claiming non-
compliance with the applicable open source licensing terms. Some open source software licenses require end-users
who use, distribute or make available across a network software and services that include open source software to
offer aspects of the technology that incorporates the open source software for no cost. We may also be required to
make publicly available source code (which in some circumstances could include valuable proprietary code) for
modifications or derivative works we create based upon incorporating or using the open source software and/or to
license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of the particular open source license. Additionally,
if a third-party software provider has incorporated open source software into software that we license from such
provider, we could be required to disclose any of our source code that incorporates or is a modification of our
licensed software. While we use tools designed to help us monitor and comply with the licenses of third-party open
source software and protect our valuable proprietary source code, we may inadvertently use third-party open source
software in a manner that exposes us to claims of non-compliance with the terms of their licenses, including claims
of intellectual property rights infringement or for breach of contract. Furthermore, there exists today an
increasing number of types of open source software licenses, almost none of which have been tested in courts of law
to provide guidance of their proper legal interpretations. If we were to receive a claim of non-compliance with the
terms of any of these open source licenses, we may be required to publicly release certain portions of our
proprietary source code. We could also be required to expend substantial time and resources to re-engineer some of
our software. Any of the foregoing could disrupt and harm our business.

In addition, the use of third-party open source software typically exposes us to greater risks than the use of
third-party commercial software because open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on
the functionality or origin of the software. Use of open source software may also present additional security risks
because the public availability of such software may make it easier for hackers and other third parties to
determine how to compromise our platform. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and could help our
competitors develop products and services that are similar to or better than ours.

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock

The trading price of our Class A common stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment.

The trading price of our Class A common stock has been and will likely continue to be volatile and could be subject
to fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. For example, in connection
with the COVID-19 pandemic, we have experienced an increase in the usage of our unified communications platform,
and as a result, the trading price of our Class A common stock has significantly increased, while at the same time,
the broader market has experienced significant declines and volatility. There are no assurances that the trading
price of our Class A common stock will
                                                        36                                                         
Table of Contents
continue at this level for any period of time. Moreover, the trading price of our Class A common stock could
experience a significant decrease once the scope and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is better understood. These
fluctuations could cause you to lose all or part of your investment in our Class A common stock. Factors that could
cause fluctuations in the trading price of our Class A common stock include the following:

• price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time;

• volatility in the trading prices and trading volumes of technology stocks;

• changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of other technology companies generally, or those in
our industry in particular;

• sales of shares of our Class A common stock by us or our stockholders;

• failure of securities analysts to maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by securities analysts
who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors;

• the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in those projections, or our failure to meet
those projections;

• announcements by us or our competitors of new products, features, or services;

• the public’s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements, and filings with the SEC;

• rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry;

• actual or anticipated changes in our results of operations or fluctuations in our results of operations;

• actual or anticipated developments in our business, our competitors’ businesses, or the competitive landscape
generally;

• litigation involving us, our industry, or both, or investigations by regulators into our operations or those of
our competitors;

• developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or other proprietary rights;

• announced or completed acquisitions of businesses, products, services, or technologies by us or our competitors;

• new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business;

• changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations, or principles;

• any significant change in our management; and

• general economic conditions and slow or negative growth of our markets.

In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and in the market price of a
particular company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these
companies. For example, in April 2020, June 2020, July 2020, and October 2021, we and certain of our officers and
directors were sued in putative class action lawsuits and purported shareholder derivative lawsuits alleging
violations of the federal securities laws for allegedly making materially false and misleading statements about our
data privacy and security measures. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert
our management’s time and attention from other business concerns, which could harm our business. We may be the
target of additional litigation of this type in the future as well.

The dual class structure of our common stock as contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
has the effect of concentrating voting control with those stockholders who held our stock prior to our IPO,
including our executive officers, employees, and directors and their affiliates, limiting your ability to influence
corporate matters.

Our Class B common stock has 10 votes per share and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. As of January
31, 2022, the holders of our outstanding Class B common stock held 67.8% of the voting power of our outstanding
capital stock, with our directors, executive officers and 5% stockholders and their respective affiliates holding
60.8% of such voting power in the aggregate. As of January 31, 2022, our founder, President and Chief Executive
Officer, Eric S. Yuan, together with his affiliates, held approximately 7.6% of our outstanding capital stock but
controlled approximately 29.8% of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. Therefore, these holders have
significant influence over our management and affairs and over all matters requiring stockholder approval,
including election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of Zoom or
our assets, for the foreseeable future. Each share of Class B common stock will be automatically converted into one
share of Class A common stock upon the earliest of (i) the date that is six months following the death or
incapacity of Mr. Yuan, (ii) the date that is six months following the date that Mr. Yuan is no longer providing
services to us or his employment is terminated for cause, (iii) the date specified by the holders of a majority of
the then
                                                        37                                                         
Table of Contents
outstanding shares of Class B common stock, voting as a separate class, and (iv) the 15-year anniversary of the
closing of our IPO.

In addition, the holders of Class B common stock collectively will continue to be able to control all matters
submitted to our stockholders for approval even if their stock holdings represent less than a majority of the
outstanding shares of our common stock. This concentrated control will limit your ability to influence corporate
matters for the foreseeable future, and, as a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could be
adversely affected.

Future transfers by holders of Class B common stock will generally result in those shares converting to Class A
common stock, which will have the effect, over time, of increasing the relative voting power of those holders of
Class B common stock who retain their shares in the long term. If, for example, Mr. Yuan retains a significant
portion of his holdings of Class B common stock for an extended period of time, he could, in the future, control a
majority of the combined voting power of our Class A and Class B common stock. As a board member, Mr. Yuan owes a
fiduciary duty to our stockholders and must act in good faith in a manner he reasonably believes to be in the best
interests of our stockholders. As a stockholder, even a controlling stockholder, Mr. Yuan is entitled to vote his
shares in his own interests, which may not always be in the interests of our stockholders generally.

In addition, in July 2017, FTSE Russell and Standard & Poor’s announced that they would cease to allow most newly
public companies utilizing dual- or multi-class capital structures to be included in their indices. Affected
indices include the Russell 2000 and the S&P 500, S&P MidCap 400, and S&P SmallCap 600, which together make up the
S&P Composite 1500. Under the announced policies, our dual-class capital structure would make us ineligible for
inclusion in any of these indices, and as a result, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, and other investment
vehicles that attempt to passively track these indices will not be investing in our stock. These policies may
depress the valuations of publicly-traded companies excluded from the indices or depress our trading volume
compared to those of other similar companies that are included.

Future sales and issuances of our capital stock or rights to purchase capital stock could result in additional
dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to decline.

Future sales and issuances of our capital stock or rights to purchase our capital stock could result in substantial
dilution to our existing stockholders. We may sell Class A common stock, convertible securities, and other equity
securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner as we may determine from time to time. If we sell
any such securities in subsequent transactions, investors may be materially diluted. New investors in such
subsequent transactions could gain rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of holders of our Class A
common stock.

Substantial future sales of shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock could cause the market
price of our Class A common stock to decline.

Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock (after automatically
converting to Class A common stock) in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, could
depress the market price of our Class A common stock.

In addition, certain of our stockholders have registration rights that would require us to register shares owned by
them for public sale in the United States. We have also filed a registration statement to register shares reserved
for future issuance under our equity compensation plans. As a result, subject to the satisfaction of applicable
exercise periods and applicable volume and restrictions that apply to affiliates, the shares issued upon exercise
of outstanding stock options or upon settlement of outstanding restricted stock unit (“RSU”) awards are available
for immediate resale in the United States in the open market.

Sales of our shares could also impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities
in the future and at a price we deem appropriate. These sales could also cause the trading price of our Class A
common stock to fall and make it more difficult for you to sell shares of our Class A common stock.

Provisions in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law may prevent or frustrate attempts by our
stockholders to change our management or hinder efforts to acquire a controlling interest in us, and the market
price of our Class A common stock may be lower as a result.

There are provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws that may make it difficult for a third party to
acquire, or attempt to acquire, control of Zoom, even if a change in control was considered favorable by our
stockholders.

Our charter documents also contain other provisions that could have an anti-takeover effect, such as:

• establishing a classified board of directors so that not all members of our board of directors are elected at one
time;
                                                        38                                                         
Table of Contents
• permitting the board of directors to establish the number of directors and fill any vacancies and newly created
directorships;

• providing that directors may only be removed for cause;

• prohibiting cumulative voting for directors;

• requiring super-majority voting to amend some provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws;

• authorizing the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock that our board of directors could use to implement a
stockholder rights plan;

• eliminating the ability of stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders;

• prohibiting stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a
meeting of our stockholders; and

• our dual-class common stock structure as described above.

Moreover, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, which prohibit a person who owns 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock from merging
or combining with us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired in
excess of 15% of our outstanding voting stock, unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed manner.
Any provision in our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or
deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their
shares of our Class A common stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our
Class A common stock.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and
the federal district courts of the United States of America as the exclusive forums for certain disputes between us
and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us
or our directors, officers, or employees.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection
of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under
Delaware statutory or common law: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (ii) any action
asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, or other employees to us or
our stockholders; (iii) any action arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or
the certificate of incorporation or the amended and restated bylaws; or (iv) any other action asserting a claim
that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if
the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware), in all
cases subject to the court having jurisdiction over indispensable parties named as defendants. This provision would
not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Furthermore, Section 22 of
the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act
actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To prevent having
to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different
courts, among other considerations, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the federal
district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a
cause of action arising under the Securities Act. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of
forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than
those designated in the exclusive forum provisions. In such instance, we would expect to vigorously assert the
validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum provisions of our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation. This may require significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other
jurisdictions and there can be no assurance that the provisions will be enforced by a court in those other
jurisdictions.

Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to
have notice of and consented to these provisions. These exclusive-forum provisions may limit a stockholder’s
ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or
other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. If a
court were to find either exclusive-forum provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be
inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur further significant additional costs associated with
resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, all of which could harm our results of operations.

We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future.

We have never declared nor paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future
earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do not expect to declare or pay any
dividends in the foreseeable
                                                        39                                                         
Table of Contents
future. As a result, stockholders must rely on sales of their Class A common stock after price appreciation as the
only way to realize any future returns on their investment.
                                                                                                                   
  General Risk Factors                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
Estimates of our market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the
market in which we compete achieves the forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at similar rates, if at
all.

Market opportunity estimates and growth forecasts for the markets in which we compete, including those we have
generated ourselves, are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates that may not
prove to be accurate. Not every organization covered by our market opportunity estimates will necessarily buy video
communications platforms, and some or many of those organizations may choose to continue using legacy communication
methods or point solutions offered by our competitors. It is impossible to build every product feature that every
customer or host wants, and our competitors may develop and offer features that our platform does not provide. The
variables that go into the calculation of our market opportunity are subject to change over time, and there is no
guarantee that any particular number or percentage of the organizations covered by our market opportunity estimates
will purchase our solutions at all or generate any particular level of revenue for us. Even if the markets in which
we compete meet the size estimates and growth forecasts, our business could fail to grow for a variety of reasons
outside of our control, including competition in our industry. If any of these risks materializes, it could harm
our business and prospects.
                                                                                                                   
   Our business could be disrupted by catastrophic events.                                                         
                                                                                                                   
Occurrence of any catastrophic event, including earthquake, fire, flood, tsunami or other weather event, power
loss, telecommunications failure, software or hardware malfunctions, cyber-attack, war, terrorist attack, disease,
or health epidemics, could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. In particular, our U.S. headquarters and
some of the data centers we utilize are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity,
and our insurance coverage may not compensate us for losses that may occur in the event of an earthquake or other
significant natural disaster. In addition, acts of terrorism could cause disruptions to the internet or the economy
as a whole. Even with our disaster recovery arrangements, our service could be interrupted. Moreover, if our
systems were to fail or be negatively impacted as a result of a natural disaster or other event, our ability to
deliver products to our users would be impaired, or we could lose critical data. If we are unable to develop
adequate plans to ensure that our business functions continue to operate during and after a disaster and to execute
successfully on those plans in the event of a disaster or emergency, our business would be harmed.

We also face risks related to health epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which has impacted virtually every
country in the world. An outbreak of a contagious disease, and other adverse health developments could have an
adverse effect on global economic conditions and on our business. The effects could include business and service
disruptions, such as the temporary closure of our facilities, restrictions on our employees' ability to travel to
support our facilities and services, and difficulties in hiring new employees. We have removed the 40-minute time
limit from our free Basic accounts for customers in K-12 schools in certain countries. While we have seen increased
usage of our service globally, a significant portion of such increase is attributable to free Basic accounts, which
do not generate any revenue. We cannot make any assurances that we will experience an increase in paid hosts or
that new or existing users will continue to utilize our services at the same levels after the COVID-19 pandemic has
tapered. Furthermore, such increased usage by free Basic account users during this time has required and will
continue to require us to expand our network capacity which will increase our operating costs.

We are subject to risks associated with our strategic investments, including partial or complete loss of invested
capital. Significant changes in the fair value of our investment portfolio could negatively impact our financial
results.

We have strategic investments in publicly traded and privately held companies. The financial success of our
investments in any privately held company is typically dependent on a liquidity event, such as a public offering,
acquisition or other favorable market event reflecting appreciation to the cost of our initial investment.
Likewise, the financial success of our investment in any publicly held company is typically dependent upon an exit
in favorable market conditions, and to a lesser extent on liquidity events. The capital markets for public
offerings and acquisitions are dynamic and the likelihood of successful liquidity events for the companies we have
invested in could significantly worsen. In addition, valuations of privately held companies are inherently complex
due to the lack of readily available market data.

We record all fair value adjustments of our publicly traded and privately held non-marketable securities through
the consolidated statement of operations. As a result, we may experience additional volatility to our statements of
operations due to changes in market prices of our investments in publicly held securities and the valuation and
timing of observable price changes or impairments of our investments in privately held securities. Our ability to
mitigate this volatility in any given period may be impacted by our contractual obligations to hold securities for
a set period of time. All of our investments are subject to a risk of
                                                        40                                                         
Table of Contents
a partial or total loss of investment capital. Changes in the fair value or partial or total loss of investment
capital of these individual companies could be material to our financial statements and negatively impact our
business and financial results.

Our reported results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States.

Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States are subject to interpretation by the FASB, the SEC,
and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these
principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported results of operations and may even
affect the reporting of transactions completed before the announcement or effectiveness of a change. It is also
difficult to predict the impact of future changes to accounting principles or our accounting policies, any of which
could harm our business.

We may need additional capital, and we cannot be certain that additional financing will be available on favorable
terms, or at all.

Historically, we have funded our operations and capital expenditures primarily through equity issuances and cash
generated from our operations. Although we currently anticipate that our existing cash and cash equivalents and
cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our cash needs for the foreseeable future, we may require
additional financing. We evaluate financing opportunities from time to time, and our ability to obtain financing
will depend, among other things, on our development efforts, business plans, operating performance, and condition
of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We cannot assure you that additional financing will be
available to us on favorable terms when required, or at all. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of
equity or equity-linked or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to
the rights of our Class A common stock, and our stockholders may experience dilution.

If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting,
our ability to produce timely and accurate consolidated financial statements or comply with applicable regulations
could be impaired.

We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-
Oxley Act”) and the rules and regulations of the applicable listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market. We expect
that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting, and financial
compliance costs; make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, and costly; and place significant strain on
our personnel, systems, and resources.

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures
and internal control over financial reporting. We are continuing to develop and refine our disclosure controls and
other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we
will file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC
rules and forms and that information required to be disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and
communicated to our principal executive and financial officers. We are also continuing to improve our internal
control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to
expend, significant resources, including accounting-related costs and significant management oversight.

Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in
our business. In addition, changes in accounting principles or interpretations could also challenge our internal
controls and require that we establish new business processes, systems, and controls to accommodate such changes.
We have limited experience with implementing the systems and controls that will be necessary to operate as a public
company, as well as adopting changes in accounting principles or interpretations mandated by the relevant
regulatory bodies. Additionally, if these new systems, controls, or standards and the associated process changes do
not give rise to the benefits that we expect or do not operate as intended, it could adversely affect our financial
reporting systems and processes, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial reports, or the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting. Moreover, our business may be harmed if we experience problems with
any new systems and controls that result in delays in their implementation or increased costs to correct any post-
implementation issues that may arise.

Further, weaknesses in our disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in
the future. Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered in their
implementation or improvement could harm our business or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may
result in a restatement of our consolidated financial statements for prior periods. Any failure to implement and
maintain effective internal control over financial reporting also could adversely affect the results of periodic
management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting that we will eventually be required to include in
our periodic reports that will be filed with the SEC. Ineffective disclosure
                                                        41                                                         
Table of Contents
controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence
in our reported financial and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of
our Class A common stock. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able
to remain listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market. We are required to provide an annual management report on the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.

Our independent registered public accounting firm is required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting. Our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report
that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our internal control over financial
reporting is documented, designed, or operating. Any failure to maintain effective disclosure controls and internal
control over financial reporting could harm our business and could cause a decline in the trading price of our
Class A common stock.

Our Class A common stock market price and trading volume could decline if securities or industry analysts do not
publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business.

The trading market for our Class A common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or
industry analysts publish about us or our business. The analysts’ estimates are based upon their own opinions and
are often different from our estimates or expectations. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our
Class A common stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the price of our securities
would likely decline. If one or more securities analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us
regularly, demand for our securities could decrease, which might cause the price and trading volume of our Class A
common stock to decline.

We incur costs and demands upon management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public
companies in the United States, which may harm our business.

As a public company listed in the United States, we incur significant additional legal, accounting, and other
expenses. In addition, changing laws, regulations, and standards relating to corporate governance and public
disclosure, including regulations implemented by the SEC and The Nasdaq Stock Market, may increase legal and
financial compliance costs and make some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations, and standards are
subject to varying interpretations, and as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new
guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving
laws, regulations, and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses
and a diversion of management’s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If,
notwithstanding our efforts, we fail to comply with new laws, regulations, and standards, regulatory authorities
may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be harmed.

Failure to comply with these rules might also make it more difficult for us to obtain certain types of insurance,
including director and officer liability insurance, and we might be forced to accept reduced policy limits and
coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these events
would also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of
directors, on committees of our board of directors, or as members of senior management.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS                                                                             │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
None.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 2. PROPERTIES                                                                                             │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Our corporate headquarters is located in San Jose, California, where we lease approximately 103,000 square feet of
commercial space pursuant to operating leases that expire in the fiscal year ending January 31, 2030. In addition,
we maintain additional offices in the United States and internationally in APAC and EMEA. We believe that our
facilities are suitable to meet our current needs.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS                                                                                      │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Information with respect to this item may be found in Note 8 - “Commitment and Contingencies” in the accompanying
notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, “Consolidated Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, under “Legal Proceedings,” which is incorporated herein by
reference.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES                                                                                │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Not applicable.
╔═ § ═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║                                                                                                                 ║
║                                                     PART II                                                     ║
║                                                                                                                 ║
╚═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
                                                        42                                                         
Table of Contents
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY     │
│  SECURITIES                                                                                                     │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                                                                   
  Market Information                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Our Class A common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “ZM.”
                                                                                                                   
  Holders of Record                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
As of January 31, 2022, we had 57 holders of record of our Class A common stock and 17 holders of record of our
Class B common stock. Because many of our shares of Class A common stock are held in street name by brokers and
other nominees on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of beneficial owners of our
Class A common stock represented by these holders of record.
                                                                                                                   
  Dividend Policy                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future
earnings and do not expect to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to declare cash
dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on
a number of factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual
restrictions, general business conditions, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant.
                                                                                                                   
  Stock Performance Graph                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
This performance graph shall not be deemed “soliciting material” or to be “filed” with the SEC, for purposes of
Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed
to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act.

The following graph compares (i) the cumulative total stockholder return on our Class A common stock from April 18,
2019 (the date our Class A common stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market) through January 31,
2022 with (ii) the cumulative total return of the Russell 2000 Index (“RUT”) and the Nasdaq Computer Index (“IXCO”)
over the same period, assuming the investment of $100 in our Class A common stock and in both of the other indices
on April 18, 2019 and the reinvestment of dividends. The graph uses the closing market price on April 18, 2019 of
$62.00 per share as the initial value of our Class A common stock. As discussed above, we have never declared or
paid a cash dividend on our Class A common stock and do not anticipate declaring or paying a cash dividend in the
foreseeable future.
                                                                                                                   
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
None.
                                                        43                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Use of Proceeds                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
None.
                                                                                                                   
  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
None.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 6. [RESERVED]                                                                                             │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Omitted at registrant's option.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS                  │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together
with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and
uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements
as a result of various factors, including those discussed in the section titled “Risk Factors” and in other parts
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                                                                                                   
   Overview                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
Our mission is to make video communications frictionless and secure.

Zoom enables users to connect to others, share ideas, make plans, and build toward a future limited only by their
imagination. Our frictionless communications platform started with video as its foundation, and we have set the
standard for innovation ever since. We connect people through our core unified communications offering, which
frictionlessly brings together video, phone, chat, and webinars, and enables meaningful experiences across
disparate devices and locations. Our Developer Platform enables customers, developers, and service providers to
easily build apps and integrations on top of Zoom’s industry-leading video communications platform, with
opportunities for global discovery and distribution. Our virtual and hybrid event solutions allow users to
seamlessly create and manage engaging events. We believe that face-to-face communications build greater empathy and
trust. We strive to live up to the trust our customers place in us by delivering a communications solution while
prioritizing their privacy and security. Our 24 co-located data centers worldwide and the public cloud enable us to
provide both high-quality and high-definition, real-time video to our customers even in low-bandwidth environments.

We generate revenue from the sale of subscriptions to our unified communications platform. Subscription revenue is
driven primarily by the number of paid hosts as well as purchases of additional products, including Zoom Rooms,
Zoom Webinars, Zoom Phone, Zoom Events, and Hardware-as-a-Service (“HaaS”) for rooms and phones. A host is any user
of our unified communications platform who initiates a Zoom Meeting and invites one or more participants to join
that meeting. We refer to hosts who subscribe to a paid Zoom Meeting plan as “paid hosts.” We define a customer as
a separate and distinct buying entity, which can be a single paid user or host or an organization of any size
(including a distinct unit of an organization) that has multiple paid hosts. Our Basic offering is free and gives
hosts access to Zoom Meetings with core features but with the limitation that meetings with more than two endpoints
time-out at 40 minutes. Our paid offerings include our Pro, Business, Enterprise, Education, and Healthcare plans,
which provide incremental features and functionality, such as different participant limits, administrative
controls, and reporting.

For Zoom Phone, plans include Zoom Phone Pro, which provides extension-to-extension calling or can be used with the
Bring Your Own Carrier model wherein the customer connects Zoom Phone to an existing carrier. We also offer
Regional Unlimited and Regional Metered calling plans in three specific markets (United States/Canada, United
Kingdom/Ireland, and Australia/New Zealand). In addition, we introduced the Global Select plan in August 2020,
which allows customers to select from local numbers and domestic calling in more than 45 countries and territories
where Zoom has local public switched telephone network (“PSTN”) coverage. In addition, the Zoom United plan
launched in December 2020 provides a single license for customers to purchase Zoom Phone, Meetings and chat
capabilities as a bundled offering.

Our revenue was $4,099.9 million, $2,651.4 million, and $622.7 million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2022,
2021, and 2020, respectively, representing period-over-period growth rate of 55% and 326% for fiscal year 2022 and
fiscal year 2021, respectively. We had net income of $1,375.6 million, $672.3 million, and $25.3 million for the
fiscal years ended January 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Net cash provided by operating activities was
$1,605.3 million, $1,471.2 million, and $151.9 million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020,
respectively.
                                                        44                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a pandemic, affecting many countries around the
world. Governments have instituted lockdown or other similar measures to slow infection rates. Many organizations
have resorted to mandating employees to work from home, which has resulted in these organizations seeking out video
communication solutions like ours to keep employees as productive as possible, even while working from home.
Schools, colleges, and universities globally have also closed as a result of this pandemic. Many of these
institutions are utilizing our platform to provide remote instruction to their students. To help teachers and
students navigate this unprecedented situation, we have temporarily removed the 40-minute time limit for meetings
with more than two endpoints from our free Basic accounts for more than 125,000 K-12 domains worldwide.

While we have experienced a significant increase in paid hosts and revenue due to the pandemic, the aforementioned
factors have also driven increased usage of our services and have required us to expand our network, data storage,
and processing capacity, both in our own co-located data centers as well as through third-party cloud hosting,
which has resulted, and is continuing to result, in an increase in our operating costs. Furthermore, a significant
portion of the increase in usage of our platform is attributable to free Basic accounts and our removal of the time
limit for school domains, which do not generate any revenue, but still require us to incur these additional
operating costs to expand our capacity. Therefore, the recent increase in usage of our platform has adversely
affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our gross margin.

In addition, there is no assurance that we will experience an increase in paid hosts or that new or existing users
will continue to utilize our service after the COVID-19 pandemic has tapered globally. Moreover, the tapering of
the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly as vaccines become widely available and distributed, may result in a decline in
paid hosts and users once individuals are no longer working or attending school from home.
                                                                                                                   
  Key Factors Affecting Our Performance                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Acquiring New Customers                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
We are focused on continuing to grow the number of customers that use our platform. Our operating results and
growth prospects will depend, in part, on our ability to attract new customers. While we believe there is a
significant market opportunity that our platform addresses, it is difficult to predict customer adoption rates or
the future growth rate and size of the market for our platform. We will need to continue to invest in sales and
marketing in order to address this opportunity by hiring, developing, and retaining talented sales personnel who
are able to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time.
                                                                                                                   
  Expansion of Zoom Across Existing Customers                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
We believe that there is a large opportunity for growth with many of our existing customers. Many customers have
increased the size of their subscriptions as they have expanded their use of our platform across their operations.
Some of our larger customers start with a deployment of Zoom Meetings with one team, location, or geography, before
rolling out our platform throughout their organization. Several of our largest customers have deployed our platform
globally to their entire workforce following smaller initial deployments. This expansion in the use of our platform
also provides us with opportunities to market and sell additional products to our customers, such as Zoom Phone,
Zoom HaaS, Zoom for Home, Zoom Rooms at each office location, Developer Platform solutions, Zoom Events, and Zoom
Video Webinars. In order for us to address this opportunity to expand the use of our products with our existing
customers, we will need to maintain the reliability of our platform and produce new features and functionality that
are responsive to our customers’ requirements for enterprise-grade solutions.

We quantify our expansion across existing customers through our net dollar expansion rate. Our net dollar expansion
rate includes the increase in user adoption within our customers, as our subscription revenue is primarily driven
by the number of paid hosts within a customer and the purchase of additional products, and compares our
subscription revenue from the same set of customers across comparable periods. We calculate net dollar expansion
rate as of a period end by starting with the annual recurring revenue (“ARR”) from all customers with more than 10
employees as of 12 months prior (“Prior Period ARR”). We define ARR as the annualized revenue run rate of
subscription agreements from all customers at a point in time. We calculate ARR by taking the monthly recurring
revenue (“MRR”) and multiplying it by 12. MRR is defined as the recurring revenue run-rate of subscription
agreements from all customers for the last month of the period, including revenue from monthly subscribers who have
not provided any indication that they intend to cancel their subscriptions. We then calculate the ARR from these
customers as of the current period end (“Current Period ARR”), which includes any upsells, contraction, and
attrition. We divide the Current Period ARR by the Prior Period ARR to arrive at the net dollar expansion rate. For
the trailing 12-months calculation, we take an average of the net dollar expansion rate over the trailing 12
months. Our net dollar expansion rate may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including the level of
penetration within our customer base, expansion of products and features, and our ability to retain our customers.
Our trailing 12-month net dollar expansion rate for customers with more
                                                        45                                                         
Table of Contents
than 10 employees was 129% as of January 31, 2022 and greater than 130% as of January 31, 2021 and 2020. The
trailing 12-month net dollar expansion rate for customers with more than 10 employees was under 130% as of January
31, 2022 as the denominator of this trailing 12-month metric reflects the significant growth in our customer base
during the last two years.

As our business has changed and evolved, we have expansively built out our direct sales team, resellers, and
strategic partners. We expect that revenue from customers engaged through these channels, which we call Enterprise
customers, will constitute an increasingly higher percentage of our revenue over time, and therefore we believe our
performance with Enterprise customers is a more important factor affecting our business than our performance with
existing customers with more than 10 employees. Beginning with the first quarter of fiscal year 2023, we will no
longer present the trailing 12-month net dollar expansion rate for customers with more than 10 employees. However,
we will still provide this metric through the end of fiscal year 2023 in the appendix to the investor deck that we
will continue to post on our investor relations website each quarter at investors.zoom.us. Going forward, we will
instead provide the trailing 12-month net dollar expansion rate for Enterprise customers.

Expansion of Zoom Across Existing Enterprise Customers

Our net dollar expansion rate for Enterprise customers is calculated the same way as discussed above by applying
the ARR specifically from Enterprise customers. We define Enterprise customers as distinct business units who have
been engaged by either our direct sales team, resellers, or strategic partners. We assess our performance with
Enterprise customers by measuring our net dollar expansion rate. Our net dollar expansion rate for Enterprise
customers measures our ability to increase revenue across our existing Enterprise customer base through expansion
of users and products. Our trailing 12-month net dollar expansion rate for Enterprise customers was 130% as of
January 31, 2022, and greater than 130% as of January 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
                                                                                                                   
  Innovation and Expansion of Our Platform                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
We continue to invest resources to enhance the capabilities of our platform. For example, we have recently
introduced a number of product enhancements, including new features for Zoom Phone, Zoom Meetings, and Zoom
Webinars. We addressed new work-from-home realities with the introduction of Zoom for Home, a solution designed for
the home office that combines Zoom software enhancements with compatible hardware. We also expanded our geographic
footprint with Zoom Phone availability to more than 45 countries and territories during fiscal year 2022. Third-
party developers are also a key component of our strategy for platform innovation to make it easier for customers
and developers to extend our product portfolio with new functionalities. We believe that as more developers and
other third parties use our platform to integrate major third-party applications, we will become the ubiquitous
platform for communications. We will need to expend additional resources to continue introducing new products,
features, and functionality, and supporting the efforts of third parties to enhance the value of our platform with
their own applications.

An end-to-end encryption (“E2EE”) option is available to free and paid Zoom customers globally who host meetings
with up to 200 participants. Zoom’s E2EE uses the same AES-256-GCM encryption that secures Zoom meetings by
default, but with Zoom’s E2EE, the meeting host generates encryption keys and uses public key cryptography to
distribute these keys to the other meeting participants.

In July 2021, we introduced Zoom Events. Zoom Events provides businesses with a virtual event management solution
and enables users to manage and host all types of internal and external virtual events. This includes the ability
to create a “hub” where all of a business’ events can be listed with corresponding information about each
experience. It also enables event hosts to provide ticketing and registration for attendees, and the ability to
track these activities.
                                                                                                                   
  International Expansion                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
Our platform addresses the communications needs of users worldwide, and we see international expansion as a major
opportunity. Our revenue from the rest of world (APAC and EMEA) represented 33%, 31%, and 19% of our total revenue
for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. We plan to add local sales support in
further select international markets over time. We use strategic partners and resellers to sell in certain
international markets where we have limited or no direct sales presence. While we believe global demand for our
platform will continue to increase as international market awareness of Zoom grows, our ability to conduct our
operations internationally will require considerable management attention and resources, and is subject to the
particular challenges of supporting a rapidly growing business in an environment of multiple languages, cultures,
customs, legal and regulatory systems, alternative dispute systems, and commercial markets.
                                                        46                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
   Key Business Metrics                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
We have historically reviewed the following key business metrics to measure our performance, identify trends,
formulate financial projections, and make strategic decisions.
                                                                                                                   
  Customers with More Than 10 Employees                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
Increasing awareness of our platform and its broad range of capabilities has enabled us to substantially expand our
customer base, which includes organizations of all sizes across industries. We define a customer as a separate and
distinct buying entity, which can be a single paid host or an organization of any size (including a distinct unit
of an organization) that has multiple paid hosts. To better distinguish business customers from our broader
customer base, we review the number of customers with more than 10 employees. As of January 31, 2022, 2021, and
2020, we had approximately 509,800, 467,100, and 81,900 customers, respectively, with more than 10 employees. When
disclosing the number of customers, we round down to the nearest hundred.

As we approach our three-year anniversary as a public company, our business has evolved substantially and the
metrics that management uses to evaluate the business have changed. Beginning with the first quarter of fiscal year
2023, we will no longer present the number of customers with more than 10 employees. However, we will still provide
this metric through the end of fiscal year 2023 in the appendix to the investor deck that we will continue to post
on our investor relations website each quarter at investors.zoom.us.

Customers Contributing More Than $100,000 of Trailing 12 Months Revenue

We focus on growing the number of customers that contribute more than $100,000 of trailing 12 months revenue as it
is a measure of our ability to scale with our customers and attract larger organizations to Zoom. Revenue from
these customers represented 22%, 20%, and 33% of total revenue for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2022, 2021,
and 2020, respectively. As of January 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we had 2,725, 1,644, and 641 customers,
respectively, that contributed more than $100,000 of trailing 12 months revenue, demonstrating our rapid
penetration of larger organizations, including enterprises. These customers are a subset of the customers with more
than 10 employees.
                                                                                                                   
  Number of Enterprise Customers                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
We believe that our ability to increase the number of Enterprise customers is an indicator of our potential future
business opportunities, the growth of our business, and an indicator of our market penetration. Increasing
awareness of our platform and capabilities, coupled with the mainstream adoption of our technology, has expanded
the diversity of our customer base to include organizations of all sizes across all industries. Over time, we
expect Enterprise customers to represent a larger share of our business. As of January 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we
had approximately 191,000, 141,100, and 54,600 Enterprise customers.
                                                                                                                   
   Non-GAAP Financial Measures                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
In addition to our results determined in accordance with GAAP, we believe that free cash flow (“FCF”) and adjusted
free cash flow (“Adjusted FCF”), non-GAAP financial measures, are useful in evaluating our liquidity.
                                                                                                                   
  Free Cash Flow and Adjusted Free Cash Flow                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
We define FCF as GAAP net cash provided by operating activities less purchases of property and equipment. We define
Adjusted FCF as FCF plus litigation settlement payments, net. We add back litigation settlement payments, net
because they are not part of our ongoing operating activities, and the consideration of measures that exclude such
payments can assist in the comparison of cash generated from operations in different periods which may or may not
include such payments and assist in the comparison with the results of other companies in the industry. We believe
that FCF and Adjusted FCF are useful indicators of liquidity that provides information to management and investors
about the amount of cash generated from our operations that, after investments in property and equipment, can be
used for future growth. FCF and Adjusted FCF are presented for supplemental informational purposes only, have
limitations as an analytical tool, and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of
other GAAP financial measures, such as net cash provided by operating activities. It is important to note that
other companies, including companies in our industry, may not use these metrics, may calculate these metrics
differently, or may use other financial measures to evaluate their liquidity, all of which could reduce the
usefulness of these non-GAAP metrics as a comparative measure.

The following table presents a summary of our cash flows for the fiscal years presented and a reconciliation of FCF
and Adjusted FCF to net cash provided by operating activities, the most directly comparable financial measure
calculated in accordance with GAAP:
                                                        47                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                         
                                                 Year Ended January 31,                                  
                                                                   2022             2021           2020  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                          -in thousands                                  
  Net cash provided by operating              $               1,605,266    $   1,471,177    $   151,892  
  activities                                                                                             
  Less: purchases of property and                              -132,590          -79,972        -38,084  
  equipment                                                                                              
  Free cash flow (non-GAAP)                   $               1,472,676    $   1,391,205    $   113,808  
  Add: Litigation settlement payments, net                       85,000                —              —  
  Adjusted free cash flow (non-GAAP)          $               1,557,676    $   1,391,205    $   113,808  
  Net cash used in investing activities       $              -2,859,097    $  -1,562,420    $  -499,468  
  Net cash provided by financing              $                  34,068    $   2,050,277    $   615,690  
  activities                                                                                             
                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
   Components of Results of Operations                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Revenue                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
We derive our revenue from subscription agreements with customers for access to our unified communications
platform. Our customers generally do not have the ability to take possession of our software. We also provide
services, which include professional services, consulting services, and online event hosting, which are generally
considered distinct from the access to our unified communications platform.
                                                                                                                   
  Cost of Revenue                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
Cost of revenue primarily consists of costs related to hosting our unified communications platform and providing
general operating support services to our customers. These costs are related to our co-located data centers, third-
party cloud hosting, integrated third-party PSTN services, personnel-related expenses, amortization of capitalized
software development and acquired intangible assets, royalty payments, and allocated overhead. We expect our cost
of revenue to increase in absolute dollars for the foreseeable future, as we expand our data center capacity due to
increased usage over time. However, the cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue may decrease over time as we
scale our data centers to accommodate usage from our increased customer base and as the ratio of free to paid users
varies.
                                                                                                                   
  Operating Expenses                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Research and Development

Research and development expenses primarily consist of personnel-related expenses directly associated with our
research and development organization, depreciation of equipment used in research and development, and allocated
overhead. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. We plan to increase our investment in research
and development for the foreseeable future, primarily by increasing research and development headcount, as we focus
on further developing our platform, enhancing its use cases, and strengthening security and privacy. As a result,
we expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars during the upcoming fiscal year. We
expect, however, that our research and development expenses as a percentage of revenue will remain relatively flat
during the upcoming fiscal year.

Sales and Marketing

Sales and marketing expenses primarily consist of personnel-related expenses directly associated with our sales and
marketing organization. Other sales and marketing expenses include advertising and promotional events to promote
our brand, such as awareness programs, digital programs, public relations, tradeshows, and our user conference,
Zoomtopia, and allocated overhead. Sales and marketing expenses also include credit card processing fees related to
sales and amortization of deferred contract acquisition costs. We plan to increase our investment in sales and
marketing over the foreseeable future, primarily by increasing the headcount of our direct sales force and
marketing investments in demand generation. As a result, we expect our sales and marketing expenses to increase in
absolute dollars during the upcoming fiscal year. We expect, however, that our sales and marketing expenses as a
percentage of revenue will remain relatively flat during the upcoming fiscal year.

General and Administrative

General and administrative expenses primarily consist of personnel-related expenses associated with our finance and
legal organizations; professional fees for external legal, accounting, and other consulting services; expected
credit losses; insurance; indirect taxes; litigation settlements, and allocated overhead. We expect to increase the
size of our general and administrative function to support the growth and complexity of our business. As a result,
we expect our general and
                                                        48                                                         
Table of Contents
administrative expenses to increase in absolute dollars during the upcoming fiscal year. We expect, however, that
our general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue will remain relatively flat during the upcoming
fiscal year.
                                                                                                                   
  Gains on Strategic Investments, Net                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
Gains on strategic investments, net consist primarily of remeasurement gains or losses on our equity investments.
                                                                                                                   
  Other (Expense) Income, Net                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Other (expense) income, net consists primarily of interest income and net accretion on our marketable securities
and effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates.

(Benefit from) provision for Income Taxes

(Benefit from) provision for income taxes consists primarily of income taxes related to federal, state, and foreign
jurisdictions where we conduct business.
                                                        49                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
   Results of Operations                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
The following tables set forth selected consolidated statements of operations data and such data as a percentage of
revenue for each of the fiscal years indicated:
                                                                                                                   
                            Year Ended January 31,                             2022            2021          2020  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                      -in thousands                                                
  Revenue                                                              $  4,099,864    $  2,651,368    $  622,658  
  Cost of revenue(1)                                                      1,054,554         821,989       115,396  
  Gross profit                                                            3,045,310       1,829,379       507,262  
  Operating expenses:                                                                                              
  Research and                                                              362,990         164,080        67,079  
  development(1)                                                                                                   
  Sales and marketing(1)                                                  1,135,959         684,904       340,646  
  General and                                                               482,770         320,547        86,841  
  administrative(1)                                                                                                
  Total operating                                                         1,981,719       1,169,531       494,566  
  expenses                                                                                                         
  Income from operations                                                  1,063,591         659,848        12,696  
  Gains on strategic                                                         43,761           2,538             —  
  investments, net                                                                                                 
  Other (expense)                                                            -5,720          15,648        13,666  
  income, net                                                                                                      
  Income before (benefit                                                                                           
  from) provision                                                         1,101,632         678,034        26,362  
  for income taxes                                                                                                 
  (Benefit from)                                                                                                   
  provision for income                                                     -274,007           5,718         1,057  
  taxes                                                                                                            
  Net income                                                           $  1,375,639    $    672,316    $   25,305  
  (1)Includes                                                                                                      
  stock-based                                                                                                      
  compensation                                                                                                     
  expense as follows:                                                                                              
  Cost of revenue                                                      $     69,612    $     34,960    $    7,860  
  Research and                                                              113,000          50,161        11,645  
  development                                                                                                      
  Sales and marketing                                                       229,297         146,377        41,465  
  General and                                                                65,378          44,320        12,139  
  administrative                                                                                                   
  Total stock-based                                                    $    477,287    $    275,818    $   73,109  
  compensation expense                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                              Year Ended January 31,                                2022       2021       2020     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                        -as a percentage of                                        
                                                        revenue                                                    
  Revenue                                                                            100  %     100  %     100  %  
  Cost of revenue                                                                     26         31         19     
  Gross profit                                                                        74         69         81     
  Operating expenses:                                                                                              
  Research and development                                                             8          6         11     
  Sales and marketing                                                                 27         26         55     
  General and                                                                         12         12         13     
  administrative                                                                                                   
  Total operating expenses                                                            47         44         79     
  Income from operations                                                              27         25          2     
  Gains on strategic                                                                   1          —          —     
  investments, net                                                                                                 
  Other (expense) income,                                                              0          1          2     
  net                                                                                                              
  Income before (benefit                                                                                           
  from) provision                                                                     28         26          4     
  for income taxes                                                                                                 
  (Benefit from) provision                                                                                         
  for income                                                                          -6          1          0     
  taxes                                                                                                            
  Net income                                                                          34  %      25  %       4  %  
                                                                                                                   
                                                        50                                                         
Table of Contents
Comparison of Fiscal Years Ended January 31, 2022 and 2021
                                                                                                                   
  Revenue                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                  
                           Year Ended January 31,                                                 
                                             2022            2021        $ Change    % Change     
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                -in thousands, except percentages                                                 
  Revenue    $                          4,099,864    $  2,651,368    $  1,448,496          55  %  
                                                                                                  
Revenue for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 increased by $1,448.5 million, or 55%, compared to the fiscal
year ended January 31, 2021. D ue to the COVID-19 pandemic, t here was an expansion in usage of our services, and
many organizations around the world continued utilizing our platform to support their operations remotely. As a
result, the increase in revenue was primarily due to subscription services provided to existing customers, which
accounted for approximately 70% of the increase, and to subscription services provided to new customers, which
accounted for approximately 30% of the increase.
Cost of Revenue
                                                                                                                
                                   Year Ended January 31,                                                       
                                                     2022               2021           $ Change    % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                        -in thousands, except percentages                                                       
  Cost of revenue    $                          1,054,554       $    821,989       $    232,565          28  %  
  Gross profit                                  3,045,310          1,829,379          1,215,931          66  %  
  Gross margin                                         74  %              69  %                                 
                                                                                                                
Cost of revenue for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 increased by $232.6 million, or 28%, compared to the
fiscal year ended January 31, 2021. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have temporarily removed the 40-minute
time limit for meetings with more than two endpoints from our free Basic accounts for more than 125,000 K-12 school
domains worldwide . We also experienced a significant increase in usage from paid users as more companies utilized
our platform to allow their employees to work remotely. This increase in usage resulted in an increase of $83.5
million in costs related to third-party cloud hosting, our co-located data centers, and integrated third-party PSTN
services to support the increase in customers and expanded use of our unified communications platform by existing
customers. The remaining increase was primarily due to an increase of $99.0 million in personnel-related expenses
mainly driven by additional headcount, which includes a $34.7 million increase in stock-based compensation expense;
an increase of $26.6 million related to subscription to software-based services; an increase of $9.3 million in
allocated overhead expenses; and an increase of $8.6 million in professional services mainly for customer support.

Gross margin increased to 74% for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 from 69% for the fiscal year ended January
31, 2021. The increase in gross margin was mainly due to increased efficiencies as we expanded our data center
capacity to accommodate the increased usage as well as lower rates from third-party cloud hosting providers.
                                                                                                                   
  Operating Expenses                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Research and Development
                                                                                                                
                                            Year Ended January 31,                                              
                                                              2022          2021       $ Change    % Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                 -in thousands, except percentages                                              
  Research and development    $                            362,990    $  164,080    $   198,910         121  %  
                                                                                                                
Research and development expense for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 increased by $198.9 million, or 121%,
compared to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher personnel-related
expenses of $182.1 million mainly driven by additional headcount, which includes a $62.8 million increase in stock-
based compensation expense. The remainder of the increase was primarily attributable to an increase of $11.6
million in allocated overhead expenses, and an increase of $6.8 million related to subscription to software-based
services.
                                                        51                                                         
Table of Contents

Sales and Marketing
                                                                                                           
                                       Year Ended January 31,                                              
                                                         2022          2021       $ Change    % Change     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                            -in thousands, except percentages                                              
  Sales and marketing    $                          1,135,959    $  684,904    $   451,055          66  %  
                                                                                                           
Sales and marketing expense for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 increased by $451.1 million, or 66%,
compared to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021. The increase in sales and marketing expense was primarily due
to higher personnel-related expenses of $308.2 million, mainly driven by additional headcount in our sales force to
support the increased demand , which includes an increase of $82.9 million in stock-based compensation expense; and
an increase of $73.0 million in amortization of deferred contract acquisition costs driven by our increase in
revenue. The remaining increase was primarily due to an increase of $104.4 million in marketing and sales event-
related costs mainly due to an increase in digital advertising programs, an increase of $19.1 million in credit
card processing fees as a result of increased online payments, an increase of $17.1 million in allocated overhead
expenses, and an increase of $8.4 million related to subscription to software-based services.

General and Administrative
                                                                                                                  
                                              Year Ended January 31,                                              
                                                                2022          2021       $ Change    % Change     
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                   -in thousands, except percentages                                              
  General and administrative    $                            482,770    $  320,547    $   162,223          51  %  
                                                                                                                  
General and administrative expense for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 increased by $162.2 million, or 51%,
compared to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021. The increase in general and administrative expense was
primarily due to an increase of $72.2 million in personnel-related expenses mainly driven by additional headcount,
which includes a $21.1 million increase in stock-based compensation expense; an increase of $66.9 million in
litigation settlement expense, net of amounts estimated to be covered by insurance; an increase of $44.1 million
related to professional services composed primarily of legal and other consulting fees; and an increase of $28.8
million related to subscription to software-based services. This is partially offset by a decrease of $31.8 million
related to a contingent liability for sales and other indirect taxes, and a decrease of $23.3 million due to
charitable donations related mainly to shares transferred to a donor advised fund in the fiscal year ended January
31, 2021.
                                                                                                                   
  Gains on Strategic Investments, Net                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                 Year Ended January 31,                                            
                                                                   2022        2021       $ Change    % Change     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                  -in thousands, except                                            
                                                            percentages                                            
  Gains on strategic                $                            43,761    $  2,538    $    41,223       1,624  %  
  investments, net                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
Gains on strategic investments, net recognized during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 was driven by $49.9
million unrealized gains recognized on our privately held equity securities, partially offset by $6.2 million
unrealized losses recognized on our publicly traded equity securities.
                                                                                                                   
  Other (Expense) Income, Net                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                  
                                               Year Ended January 31,                                             
                                                                 2022         2021       $ Change    % Change     
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                    -in thousands, except percentages                                             
  Other (expense) income, net    $                             -5,720    $  15,648    $   -21,368        -137  %  
                                                                                                                  
Other (expense) income, net for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 decreased by $21.4 million, or 137%,
compared to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease of $19.2
million related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
                                                        52                                                         
Table of Contents
(Benefit from) Provision for Income Taxes
                                                                                                                   
                                                 Year Ended January 31,                                            
                                                                   2022        2021       $ Change    % Change     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                  -in thousands, except                                            
                                                            percentages                                            
  (Benefit from) provision for                                                                                     
  income                            $                          -274,007    $  5,718    $  -279,725      -4,892  %  
  taxes                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
Benefit from income taxes for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 was $274.0 million, compared to a provision
for income taxes of $5.7 million the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021. The change in income taxes was primarily
due to the valuation allowance release on the U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets. See Note 10 “Income
Taxes” to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more details on
the valuation allowance release.

For a discussion of the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021 compared to the fiscal year ended January 31, 2020,
please refer to Part II, Item 7, “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021.
                                                                                                                   
   Liquidity and Capital Resources                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
As of January 31, 2022, our principal sources of liquidity were cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities
of $5.4 billion, which were held for working capital purposes and for investment in growth opportunities. Our
marketable securities generally consist of high-grade commercial paper, corporate bonds, agency bonds, corporate
and other debt securities, U.S. government agency securities, and treasury bills.

We have financed our operations primarily through income from operations and sales of equity securities. Cash from
operations could also be affected by various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the effects of
the COVID-19 pandemic, including timing of cash collections from our customers and other risks detailed in the
section titled “Risk Factors.” However, based on our current business plan and revenue prospects, we believe our
existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, together with net cash provided by operations, will be
sufficient to meet our needs for at least the next 12 months and allow us to capitalize on growth opportunities. We
believe we will meet longer-term expected future cash requirements and obligations through a combination of cash
flows from operating activities and available cash balances. Our future capital requirements will depend on many
factors, including our revenue growth rate, subscription renewal activity, billing frequency, the timing and extent
of spending to support further sales and marketing and research and development efforts, as well as expenses
associated with our international expansion, and the timing and extent of additional capital expenditures to invest
in existing and new office spaces as well as data center infrastructure. We may, in the future, enter into
arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, and technologies, including intellectual
property rights. We may choose or be required to seek additional equity or debt financing. In the event that
additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or
at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, results of operations, and
financial condition would be materially and adversely affected.

Our material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations primarily relate to our leases for
office space and equipment, as well as non-cancelable purchase obligations. Expected timing of those payments are
as follows:
                                                                                                                   
                                                       Payments Due by                                             
                                                                Period                                             
                                     Total                   Less Than         1 – 3        3 – 5       More Than  
                            (in thousands)                      1 Year         Years        Years         5 Years  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Operating lease        $         117,763    $                 24,490    $   47,787    $  30,171    $     15,315  
  obligations                                                                                                      
  Non-cancelable                                                                                                   
  purchase                         386,594                     227,182       159,412            —               —  
  obligations                                                                                                      
  Total contractual      $         504,357    $                251,672    $  207,199    $  30,171    $     15,315  
  obligations                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
The contractual commitment amounts in the table above are associated with agreements that are enforceable and
legally binding. Obligations under contracts that we can cancel without a significant penalty are not included in
the table above. See the “Future minimum lease payments” table in Note 7 and “Non-cancelable Purchase Obligations”
in Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K for more details.
                                                        53                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Cash Flows                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented:
                                                                                                      
                                              Year Ended January 31,                                  
                                                                2022             2021           2020  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                       -in thousands                                  
  Net cash provided by operating           $               1,605,266    $   1,471,177    $   151,892  
  activities                                                                                          
  Net cash used in investing activities    $              -2,859,097    $  -1,562,420    $  -499,468  
  Net cash provided by financing           $                  34,068    $   2,050,277    $   615,690  
  activities                                                                                          
                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
  Operating Activities                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
Our largest source of operating cash is cash collections from our customers for subscriptions to our platform. Our
primary uses of cash from operating activities are for employee-related expenditures, costs related to hosting our
platform, and marketing expenses. Net cash provided by operating activities is impacted by our net income adjusted
for certain non-cash items, such as stock-based compensation expense, depreciation and amortization expenses, as
well as the effect of changes in operating assets and liabilities.

Net cash provided by operating activities was $1,605.3 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022, compared
to $1,471.2 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021. The increase in operating cash flow was due to an
increase in net income of $703.3 million, offset by the negative impact from changes in operating assets and
liabilities of $506.3 million, and a decrease in non-cash adjustments of $62.9 million, which is primarily a result
of the income tax benefit from release of valuation allowance and higher gains from strategic investments, offset
by higher stock-based compensation expense, higher deferred contract acquisition cost amortization due to an
increase in capitalized commissions as we continue to grow and expand our customer base, and higher provision for
accounts receivable allowances due to higher accounts receivable balances.
                                                                                                                   
  Investing Activities                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
Net cash used in investing activities of $2,859.1 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 was primarily
due to net purchases of marketable securities of $2,404.8 million, purchases of strategic investments of $305.1
million, purchases of property and equipment of $132.6 million, purchases of intangible assets of $13.0 million,
and cash paid for acquisition, net of cash acquired, of $3.5 million.

Net cash used in investing activities of $1,562.4 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021 was primarily
due to net purchases of marketable securities of $1,438.8 million, purchases of property and equipment of $80.0
million, cash paid for acquisition, net of cash acquired, of $26.5 million, purchases of strategic investments of
$13.0 million, and purchases of intangible assets of $5.8 million.
                                                                                                                   
  Financing Activities                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
Net cash provided by financing activities of $34.1 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 was due to
proceeds from issuance of common stock pursuant to our employee stock purchase plan (“ESPP”) of $59.3 million and
proceeds from the exercise of stock options of $14.4 million, offset by proceeds from international employee stock
sales remitted to employees and tax authorities of $40.0 million.

Net cash provided by financing activities of $2,050.3 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021 was due to
proceeds from our follow-on offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering costs, of
$1,979.2 million , proceeds from issuance of common stock pursuant to our ESPP of $38.4 million, proceeds from the
exercise of stock options of $28.6 million, and proceeds from international employee stock sales to be remitted to
employees and tax authorities of $4.1 million.

For a discussion of the fiscal year ended January 31, 2020 , please refer to Part II, Item 7, “Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended January 31, 2021.
                                                                                                                   
  Stock Repurchase Program                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
In February 2022, our board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program of up to $1.0 billion of our Class A
common, which expires in February 2024. Repurchases of our Class A common stock may be effected from time to time,
either on the open market (including pre-set trading plans), in privately negotiated transactions, and other
transactions in accordance with applicable securities laws.
                                                        54                                                         
Table of Contents
The timing and the amount of any repurchased Class A common stock will be determined by our management based on its
evaluation of market conditions and other factors, and the repurchase program will be funded using our working
capital. T he program may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time.

As of March 6, 2022, $997.1 million of the repurchase authorization remained available.
                                                                                                                   
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K promulgated by
the SEC under the Securities Act.
                                                                                                                   
  Critical Accounting Estimates                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
Critical accounting estimates are those accounting estimates that require the most difficult, subjective or complex
judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently
uncertain. These estimates are developed based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we
believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Critical accounting estimates are accounting estimates where the
nature of the estimates are material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly
uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change and the impact of the estimates on financial
condition or operating performance is material.

We believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note 1 “Summary of Business and
Significant Accounting Policies” to our consolidated financial statements, the following critical estimates involve
a greater degree of judgment and complexity.
                                                                                                                   
  Revenue Recognition                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
We derive our revenue primarily from subscription agreements with customers for access to our unified
communications platform and services. We also provide other services, which include professional services,
consulting services, and online event hosting, which were immaterial to our consolidated financial statements.
Revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised services. The amount of revenue recognized
reflects the consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for these services. We apply judgment during the
identification of a contract to determine the customer’s ability and intent to pay, which is based on a variety of
factors, including the customer’s historical payment experience or, in the case of a new customer, credit and
financial information pertaining to the customer. The transaction price is determined based on the consideration to
which we expect to be entitled in exchange for transferring services to the customer. Variable consideration is
included in the transaction price if, in our judgment, it is probable that a significant future reversal of
cumulative revenue recognized under the contract will not occur.
                                                                                                                   
  Cost to Obtain a Contract                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
We primarily capitalize sales commissions and associated payroll taxes paid to internal sales personnel that are
incremental costs from the acquisition of customer contracts. These costs are recorded as deferred contract
acquisition costs in the consolidated balance sheets. We determine whether costs should be deferred based on our
sales compensation plans and if the commissions are incremental and would not have occurred absent the customer
contract.

Sales commissions paid upon the initial acquisition of a customer contract are amortized over an estimated period
of benefit of three years, which is typically greater than the contractual terms of the customer contracts.
Significant judgment is required in arriving at this estimated period of benefit. We determine the period of
benefit for commissions paid for the acquisition of the initial customer contract by taking into consideration the
initial estimated customer life and the technological life of our unified communications platform and related
significant features. We do not pay sales commissions upon contract renewal. Amortization is recognized on a
straight-line basis commensurate with the pattern of revenue recognition.
                                                                                                                   
  Allowance for Credit Losses                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
The allowance for credit losses is based on management’s estimate for expected credit losses for outstanding
accounts receivable. We determine expected credit losses based on historical write-off experience, an analysis of
the aging of outstanding receivables, customer payment patterns, the establishment of specific reserves for
customers in an adverse financial condition, and adjust based upon our expectations of changes in macroeconomic
conditions that may impact the collectibility of outstanding receivables, including noncurrent accounts receivable.
We also consider current market conditions and reasonable
                                                        55                                                         
Table of Contents
and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions to inform adjustments to historical loss data. We reassess
the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses each reporting period.

Business Combinations and Valuation of Goodwill and Intangible Assets

We account for our business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires, among other
things, allocation of the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and
liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. The excess of the fair value of
purchase consideration over the values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. When
determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, we make estimates and assumptions,
especially with respect to intangible assets. Our estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be
reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from
estimates. During the measurement period, not to exceed one year from the date of acquisition, we may record
adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with a corresponding offset to goodwill if new
information is obtained related to facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. After the
measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations.
Acquisition costs, such as legal and consulting fees, are expensed as incurred.

Goodwill amounts are not amortized, but rather tested for impairment at least annually, in the fourth quarter of
each fiscal year, or more often if circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. As of
January 31, 2022, no impairment of goodwill has been identified.

Intangible assets consist of acquired identifiable intangible assets resulting from business combinations, as well
as other intangible assets purchased outside of a business combination. Finite-lived intangible assets are
initially recorded at fair value and are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. We
routinely evaluate the estimated remaining useful lives of our finite-lived intangible assets and whether events or
changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization. Indefinite-lived intangible
assets are recorded at fair value and are not amortized. We review the useful lives of indefinite-lived intangible
assets each reporting period to determine whether events and circumstances continue to support the indefinite
useful life classification. If we determine that the life of an intangible asset is no longer indefinite, that
asset would be tested for impairment and amortized prospectively over its estimated remaining useful life. We have
not recorded any impairment charges during the fiscal years presented.
                                                                                                                   
  Employee Stock Purchase Plan Valuation                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
We account for stock-based compensation expense related to our ESPP purchase rights based on the estimated grant
date fair value, which is calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and the aggregate number of
shares of our common stock expected to be purchased under each offering. The assumptions used to determine the fair
value of the ESPP purchase rights, including the expected term of the awards, the expected volatility of the price
of our common stock, risk-free interest rates, and the expected dividend yield of our common stock, represent
management’s best estimates. These estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management’s
judgment. The related stock-based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of each
ESPP offering period, which is generally two years. We account for modifications to employee contributions as they
occur.

Our use of the Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires the input of subjective assumptions. If factors change
and different assumptions are used, our stock-based compensation expense could be materially different for the
current period and in the future.

These assumptions and estimates used in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model are as follows:

• Risk-Free Interest Rate. The risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the awards was based on the U.S.
Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant.

• Expected Term. The expected term of the ESPP represents the period of time that purchase rights are expected to
be outstanding.

• Expected Volatility. For the ESPP purchase rights granted during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021, as we
have a limited trading history for our common stock, the expected volatility was estimated by taking the average
historic price volatility for industry peers, consisting of several public companies in our industry which are
either similar in size, stage of life cycle, or financial leverage, over a period equivalent to the expected term
of the awards. For the ESPP purchase rights granted during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022, expected
volatility was determined using a combination of the implied volatility of publicly traded options in our stock and
historical volatility of our stock price.

• Expected Dividend Yield. We have never declared or paid any cash dividends and do not presently plan to pay cash
dividends in the foreseeable future. As a result, an expected dividend yield of zero percent was used.
                                                        56                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Strategic Investments                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
Accounting for strategic investments in privately held debt and equity securities in which we do not have a
controlling interest or significant influence requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions.

Valuations of privately held securities are inherently complex and require judgment due to the lack of readily
available market data. Privately held debt and equity securities are valued using significant unobservable inputs
or data in an inactive market. The valuation requires our judgment due to the absence of market prices and inherent
lack of liquidity. The carrying values of our privately held equity securities are adjusted if there are observable
price changes in a same or similar security from the same issuer or if there are identified events or changes in
circumstances that may indicate impairment, as discussed below. In determining the estimated fair value of our
strategic investments in privately held companies, we utilize the most recent data available, as adjusted to
reflect the specific rights and preferences of those securities we hold.

We assess our privately held debt and equity securities strategic investment portfolio quarterly for indicators for
impairment. Our impairment analysis encompasses a qualitative assessment evaluates key factors including but not
limited to the investee’s financial metrics, market acceptance of the product or technology, and the rate at which
the investee is using its cash. If the investment is considered to be impaired, we record the investment at fair
value by recognizing an impairment through the consolidated statement of operations and establishing a new carrying
value for the investment.

The privately held debt and equity securities we hold, and their rights and preferences relative to those of other
securities within the capital structure, may impact the magnitude by which our investment value moves in relation
to movement of the total enterprise value of the company. As a result, our investment value in a specific company
may move by more or less than any change in the value of that overall company. An immediate decrease of ten percent
in enterprise value of our largest privately held equity securities held as of January 31, 2022 would not have had
a material impact on the value of our investment portfolio.
                                                                                                                   
  Income Taxes                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
We use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, income tax expense is
recognized based on the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax liabilities and
assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements
or tax returns. We make assumptions, judgments and estimates to determine the current income tax provision
(benefit), deferred tax asset and liabilities and valuation allowance recorded against a deferred tax asset. The
assumptions, judgments and estimates relative to the current income tax provision (benefit) take into account
current tax laws, their interpretation and possible results of foreign and domestic tax audits. Changes in tax law,
their interpretation and resolution of tax audits could significantly impact the income taxes provided in our
consolidated financial statements. Assumptions, judgments and estimates relative to the amount of deferred income
taxes take into account future taxable income. Any of the assumptions, judgments and estimates mentioned above
could cause the actual income tax obligations to differ from our estimates.

Critical accounting estimates and the related assumptions are evaluated periodically as conditions warrant, and
changes to such estimates are recorded as new information or changed conditions require.
                                                                                                                   
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
See “Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies” in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements
included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 7A. QUALITATIVE AND QUANTITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK                                            │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                                                                   
  Foreign Currency and Exchange Risk                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
The vast majority of our cash generated from revenue is denominated in U.S. dollars, with a small amount
denominated in foreign currencies. Our expenses are generally denominated in the currencies of the jurisdictions in
which we conduct our operations, which are primarily in the United States, China, Europe, and Australia. Our
results of current and future operations and cash flows are, therefore, subject to fluctuations due to changes in
foreign currency exchange rates. The effect of a hypothetical 10% change in foreign currency exchange rates
applicable to our business would not have had a material impact on our historical consolidated financial statements
for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. As the impact of foreign currency exchange rates has
not been material to our historical operating results, we have not entered into derivative or hedging transactions,
but we may do so in the future if our exposure to foreign currency becomes more significant.
                                                                                                                   
  Interest Rate Risk                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
We had cash and cash equivalents of $1.1 billion and marketable securities of $4.4 billion as of January 31, 2022.
Cash and cash equivalents consist of bank deposits, money market funds, high-grade commercial paper, and agency
bonds. Our
                                                        57                                                         
Table of Contents
marketable securities generally consist of high-grade commercial paper, agency bonds, corporate and other debt
securities, U.S. government agency securities, and treasury bills. The cash and cash equivalents and marketable
securities are held for working capital purposes. Such interest-earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate
risk. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal while maximizing income without
significantly increasing risk. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes and have not
used any derivative financial instruments to manage our interest rate risk exposure. Due to the short-term nature
of our investments, we have not been exposed to, nor do we anticipate being exposed to, material risks due to
changes in interest rates. A hypothetical 10% change in interest rates during any of the periods presented would
not have had a material impact on our historical consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended
January 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020.
                                                        58                                                         
Table of Contents
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA                                                            │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                                                                   
                                          ZOOM VIDEO COMMUNICATIONS, INC.                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                    INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                              
                                                        Page  
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting      60  
  Firm                                                        
  Consolidated Balance Sheets                             62  
  Consolidated Statements of Operations                   63  
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income         64  
  Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred        65  
  Stock and Stockholders’ (Deficit) Equity                    
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                   66  
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements              68  
                                                              
                                                        59                                                         
Table of Contents
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors

Zoom Video Communications, Inc.:

Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Zoom Video Communications, Inc. and subsidiaries
(the Company) as of January 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive
income, convertible preferred stock and stockholders’ (deficit) equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the
three-year period ended January 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule II: valuation and
qualifying accounts (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control
– Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of January 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended January 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective
internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control
– Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
                                                                                                                   
  Basis for Opinions                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective
internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on
the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm
registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be
independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of
material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial
reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts
and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and
testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our
audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of
the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
                                                        60                                                         
Table of Contents
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate.
                                                                                                                   
  Critical Audit Matter                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated
financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1)
relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not
alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by
communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the
accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Sufficiency of Audit Evidence Over Revenue
As discussed in Notes 1 and 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s revenue is principally
derived from the sale of subscriptions to the Company’s video communications platform. The Company recorded $4,099
million of revenue for the year ended January 31, 2022.

We identified the evaluation of sufficiency of audit evidence over revenue as a critical audit matter. This matter
required especially subjective auditor judgment because the Company’s revenue recognition process is highly
automated and is reliant upon a number of customized and proprietary information technology (IT) systems.
Involvement of IT professionals with specialized skills and knowledge was required to assist with the performance
of certain procedures and determination of IT applications subject to testing.

The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We applied auditor
judgment to determine the nature and extent of procedures to be performed over revenue. We evaluated the design and
tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to revenue recognition. This included
certain controls related to the Company’s general information technology and application controls related to the
systems utilized within the Company’s revenue recognition process. We involved IT professionals with specialized
skills and knowledge, who assisted in testing the IT controls of the various systems interacting with the Company’s
revenue recognition process. We recalculated revenue for system-generated sales transactions during the year using
a software audit tool. For a sample of transactions, we compared the amounts recognized for consistency with
underlying documentation, including contracts with customers and cash receipts. Additionally, for the same sample
of transactions, we recalculated the amount of revenue recognized in the period based on the terms of the
arrangement and the satisfaction of the underlying performance obligation. In addition, we evaluated the
sufficiency of audit evidence obtained over revenue by assessing the results of procedures performed.

/s/ KPMG LLP

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2016.
San Francisco, California
March 7, 2022
                                                        61                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                          ZOOM VIDEO COMMUNICATIONS, INC.                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                            CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS                                            
                                                                                                                   
                                  (in thousands, except share and per share data)                                  
                                                                                    
  Assets                                         As of January 31,                  
  Current assets:                                             2022            2021  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash and cash equivalents                   $          1,062,820    $  2,240,303  
  Marketable securities                                  4,356,446       2,004,410  
  Accounts receivable, net of allowances                                            
  of $24,696and $36,844as of January 31,                   419,673         294,703  
  2022 and 2021, respectively                                                       
  Deferred contract acquisition costs,                     199,266         136,630  
  current                                                                           
  Prepaid expenses and other current                       145,602         116,819  
  assets                                                                            
  Total current assets                                   6,183,807       4,792,865  
  Deferred contract acquisition costs,                     164,714         157,262  
  noncurrent                                                                        
  Property and equipment, net                              222,354         149,924  
  Operating lease right-of-use assets                       95,965          97,649  
  Strategic investments                                    367,814          18,668  
  Goodwill                                                  27,607          24,340  
  Deferred tax assets                                      382,296           1,519  
  Other assets, noncurrent                                 106,761          55,766  
  Total assets                                $          7,551,318    $  5,297,993  
  Liabilities and stockholders’ equity                                              
  Current liabilities:                                                              
  Accounts payable                            $              7,841    $      8,664  
  Accrued expenses and other current                       430,415         393,018  
  liabilities                                                                       
  Deferred revenue, current                              1,141,435         858,284  
  Total current liabilities                              1,579,691       1,259,966  
  Deferred revenue, noncurrent                              38,481          25,211  
  Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent                   85,018          90,415  
  Other liabilities, noncurrent                             68,110          61,634  
  Total liabilities                                      1,771,300       1,437,226  
  Commitments and contingencies (Note 8)                                            
  Stockholders’ equity:                                                             
  Preferred stock, $0.001par value per                                              
  share,200,000,000shares authorized as of                                          
  January 31, 2022 and 2021;zeroshares                           —               —  
  issued and outstanding as of January 31,                                          
  2022 and 2021                                                                     
  Common stock, $0.001par value per                                                 
  share,2,000,000,000Class A shares                                                 
  authorized as of January 31, 2022 and                                             
  2021;247,044,454and215,737,924shares                                              
  issued and outstanding as of January 31,                                          
  2022 and 2021,                                               299             292  
  respectively;300,000,000Class B shares                                            
  authorized as of January 31, 2022 and                                             
  2021;51,993,351and77,811,299shares                                                
  issued and outstanding as of January 31,                                          
  2022 and 2021, respectively                                                       
  Additional paid-in capital                             3,749,514       3,187,168  
  Accumulated other comprehensive (loss)                   -17,902             839  
  income                                                                            
  Retained earnings                                      2,048,107         672,468  
  Total stockholders’ equity                             5,780,018       3,860,767  
  Total liabilities and stockholders’         $          7,551,318    $  5,297,993  
  equity                                                                            
                                                                                    
              The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.              
                                                                                                                   
                                                        62                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                          ZOOM VIDEO COMMUNICATIONS, INC.                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                  (in thousands, except share and per share data)                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                     Year Ended January 31,              2022              2021              2020  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenue                                                      $    4,099,864    $    2,651,368    $      622,658  
  Cost of revenue                                                   1,054,554           821,989           115,396  
  Gross profit                                                      3,045,310         1,829,379           507,262  
  Operating expenses:                                                                                              
  Research and development                                            362,990           164,080            67,079  
  Sales and marketing                                               1,135,959           684,904           340,646  
  General and administrative                                          482,770           320,547            86,841  
  Total operating expenses                                          1,981,719         1,169,531           494,566  
  Income from operations                                            1,063,591           659,848            12,696  
  Gains on strategic investments,                                      43,761             2,538                 —  
  net                                                                                                              
  Other (expense) income, net                                          -5,720            15,648            13,666  
  Income before (benefit from)                                                                                     
  provision                                                         1,101,632           678,034            26,362  
  for income taxes                                                                                                 
  (Benefit from) provision for                                                                                     
  income                                                             -274,007             5,718             1,057  
  taxes                                                                                                            
  Net income                                                        1,375,639           672,316            25,305  
  Undistributed earnings                                                                                           
  attributable to                                                        -582              -789            -3,555  
  participating securities                                                                                         
  Net income attributable to                                                                                       
  common                                                       $    1,375,057    $      671,527    $       21,750  
  stockholders                                                                                                     
  Net income per share                                                                                             
  attributable to                                                                                                  
  common stockholders:                                                                                             
  Basic                                                        $         4.64    $         2.37    $         0.09  
  Diluted                                                      $         4.50    $         2.25    $         0.09  
  Weighted-average shares used in                                                                                  
  computing net income per share                                                                                   
  attributable to common                                                                                           
  stockholders:                                                                                                    
  Basic                                                           296,334,894       283,853,654       233,641,336  
  Diluted                                                         305,826,505       298,127,669       254,298,014  
                                                                                                                   
              The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.              
                                                                                                                   
                                                        63                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                          ZOOM VIDEO COMMUNICATIONS, INC.                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                                  (in thousands)                                                   
                                                                                                           
                                        Year Ended January 31,            2022          2021         2020  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net income                                                      $  1,375,639    $  672,316    $  25,305  
  Other comprehensive (loss) income:                                                                       
  Unrealized (loss) gain on                                                                                
  available-for-sale marketable                                        -18,741            30          944  
  securities, net of tax                                                                                   
  Comprehensive income                                            $  1,356,898    $  672,346    $  26,249  
                                                                                                           
              The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.              
                                                                                                                   
                                                        64                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                          ZOOM VIDEO COMMUNICATIONS, INC.                                          
                                                                                                                   
             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS’ (DEFICIT) EQUITY             
                                                                                                                   
                                         (in thousands, except share data)                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                              Accumu…                              
            Conver…                                                             Other       (Accum…         Total  
            Prefer…                   Common                    Additi…       Compre…       Defici…       Stockh…  
              Stock                    Stock                    Paid-In        (Loss)       Retain…       (Defic…  
             Shares        Amount     Shares       Amount       Capital        Income       Earnin…        Equity  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balan…                                                                                                           
  as of                                                                                                            
  Janua…    152,66…    $  159,552    90,327…    $      89    $   17,760    $     -135    $  -25,153    $   -7,439  
  31,                                                                                                              
  2019                                                                                                             
  Conve…                                                                                                           
  of                                                                                                               
  conve…                                                                                                           
  prefe…                                                                                                           
  stock                                                                                                            
  to        -152,6…       -159,5…    152,66…          153       159,399             —             —       159,552  
  common                                                                                                           
  stock                                                                                                            
  upon                                                                                                             
  initi…                                                                                                           
  public                                                                                                           
  offer…                                                                                                           
  Conve…                                                                                                           
  of                                                                                                               
  conve…                                                                                                           
  promi…                                                                                                           
  notes                                                                                                            
  and                                                                                                              
  accru…                                                                                                           
  inter…          —             —    426,223            —        15,344             —             —        15,344  
  to                                                                                                               
  common                                                                                                           
  stock                                                                                                            
  upon                                                                                                             
  initi…                                                                                                           
  public                                                                                                           
  offer…                                                                                                           
  Issua…                                                                                                           
  of                                                                                                               
  common                                                                                                           
  stock                                                                                                            
  upon                                                                                                             
  initi…                                                                                                           
  public                                                                                                           
  offer…                                                                                                           
  and                                                                                                              
  priva…          —             —    15,819…           16       541,483             —             —       541,499  
  place…                                                                                                           
  net of                                                                                                           
  under…                                                                                                           
  disco…                                                                                                           
  and                                                                                                              
  commi…                                                                                                           
  and                                                                                                              
  other                                                                                                            
  offer…                                                                                                           
  costs                                                                                                            
  Issua…                                                                                                           
  of                                                                                                               
  common                                                                                                           
  stock                                                                                                            
  upon                                                                                                             
  exerc…                                                                                                           
  of                                                                                                               
  stock                                                                                                            
  optio…          —             —    18,501…           19         9,752             —             —         9,771  
  net of                                                                                                           
  repur…                                                                                                           
  and                                                                                                              
  relea…                                                                                                           
  of                                                                                                               
  restr…                                                                                                           
  stock                                                                                                            
  units                                                                                                            
  Issua…                                                                                                           
  of                                                                                                               
  common                                                                                                           
  stock           —             —    500,000            —             —             —             —             —  
  reser…                                                                                                           
  for                                                                                                              
  chari…                                                                                                           
  donat…                                                                                                           
  Issua…                                                                                                           
  of                                                                                                               
  common                                                                                                           
  stock                                                                                                            
  for             —             —    490,268            —        15,482             —             —        15,482  
  emplo…                                                                                                           
  stock                                                                                                            
  purch…                                                                                                           
  plan                                                                                                             
  Stock…                                                                                                           
  compe…          —             —          —            —        73,485             —             —        73,485  
  expen…                                                                                                           
  Other                                                                                                            
  compr…          —             —          —            —             —           944             —           944  
  income                                                                                                           
  Net             —             —          —            —             —             —        25,305        25,305  
  income                                                                                                           
  Balan…                                                                                                           
  as of                                                                                                            
  Janua…          —    $        —    278,73…    $     277    $  832,705    $      809    $      152    $  833,943  
  31,                                                                                                              
  2020                                                                                                             
  Issua…                                                                                                           
  of                                                                                                               
  common                                                                                                           
  stock                                                                                                            
  upon                                                                                                             
  follo…                                                                                                           
  public                                                                                                           
  offer…                                                                                                           
  net of          —             —    5,882,…            6       1,979,…             —             —       1,979,…  
  under…                                                                                                           
  disco…                                                                                                           
  and                                                                                                              
  commi…                                                                                                           
  and                                                                                                              
  other                                                                                                            
  offer…                                                                                                           
  costs                                                                                                            
  Issua…                                                                                                           
  of                                                                                                               
  common                                                                                                           
  stock                                                                                                            
  upon            —             —    7,378,…            7        29,100             —             —        29,107  
  exerc…                                                                                                           
  of                                                                                                               
  stock                                                                                                            
  optio…                                                                                                           
  Issua…                                                                                                           
  of                                                                                                               
  common                                                                                                           
  stock                                                                                                            
  upon            —             —    633,697            1             —             —             —             1  
  relea…                                                                                                           
  of                                                                                                               
  restr…                                                                                                           
  stock                                                                                                            
  units                                                                                                            
  Chari…                                                                                                           
  donat…                                                                                                           
  of              —             —          —            —        23,312             —             —        23,312  
  common                                                                                                           
  stock                                                                                                            
  Issua…                                                                                                           
  of                                                                                                               
  common                                                                                                           
  stock                                                                                                            
  for             —             —    923,553            1        38,432             —             —        38,433  
  emplo…                                                                                                           
  stock                                                                                                            
  purch…                                                                                                           
  plan                                                                                                             
  Stock…                                                                                                           
  compe…          —             —          —            —       284,081             —             —       284,081  
  expen…                                                                                                           
  Other                                                                                                            
  compr…          —             —          —            —             —            30             —            30  
  income                                                                                                           
  Net             —             —          —            —             —             —       672,316       672,316  
  income                                                                                                           
  Balan…                                                                                                           
  as of                                                                                                            
  Janua…          —    $        —    293,54…    $     292    $  3,187,…    $      839    $  672,468    $  3,860,…  
  31,                                                                                                              
  2021                                                                                                             
  Issua…                                                                                                           
  of                                                                                                               
  common                                                                                                           
  stock                                                                                                            
  upon            —             —    2,881,…            4        14,806             —             —        14,810  
  exerc…                                                                                                           
  of                                                                                                               
  stock                                                                                                            
  optio…                                                                                                           
  Issua…                                                                                                           
  of                                                                                                               
  common                                                                                                           
  stock                                                                                                            
  upon            —             —    1,768,…            2             —             —             —             2  
  relea…                                                                                                           
  of                                                                                                               
  restr…                                                                                                           
  stock                                                                                                            
  units                                                                                                            
  Issua…                                                                                                           
  of                                                                                                               
  common                                                                                                           
  stock                                                                                                            
  for             —             —    838,395            1        59,330             —             —        59,331  
  emplo…                                                                                                           
  stock                                                                                                            
  purch…                                                                                                           
  plan                                                                                                             
  Stock…                                                                                                           
  compe…          —             —          —            —       488,210             —             —       488,210  
  expen…                                                                                                           
  Other                                                                                                            
  compr…          —             —          —            —             —       -18,741             —       -18,741  
  loss                                                                                                             
  Net             —             —          —            —             —             —       1,375,…       1,375,…  
  income                                                                                                           
  Balan…                                                                                                           
  as of                                                                                                            
  Janua…          —    $        —    299,03…    $     299    $  3,749,…    $  -17,902    $  2,048,…    $  5,780,…  
  31,                                                                                                              
  2022                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
              The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.              
                                                                                                                   
                                                        65                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                          ZOOM VIDEO COMMUNICATIONS, INC.                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                  (in thousands)                                                   
                                                                                                         
                                                 Year Ended January 31,                                  
                                                                   2022             2021           2020  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash flows from operating activities:                                                                  
  Net income                                  $               1,375,639    $     672,316    $    25,305  
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to                                                                 
  net cash provided by operating                                                                         
  activities:                                                                                            
  Stock-based compensation expense                              477,287          275,818         73,109  
  Income tax benefit from release of                           -327,957                —              —  
  valuation allowance                                                                                    
  Amortization of deferred contract                             177,283          104,306         37,101  
  acquisition costs                                                                                      
  Gains on strategic investments, net                           -43,761           -2,538              —  
  Depreciation and amortization                                  48,188           28,857         16,449  
  Provision for accounts receivable                              36,747           32,007          6,370  
  allowances                                                                                             
  Non-cash operating lease cost                                  18,387           10,887          6,885  
  Charitable donation of common stock                                 —           23,312              —  
  Amortization on marketable securities                          25,316            5,433         -2,041  
  Other                                                           4,591              927            973  
  Changes in operating assets and                                                                        
  liabilities:                                                                                           
  Accounts receivable                                          -159,183         -219,039        -64,715  
  Prepaid expenses and other assets                            -155,934          -68,521        -24,805  
  Deferred contract acquisition costs                          -247,371         -307,068        -72,714  
  Accounts payable                                               -2,218            3,481         -2,030  
  Accrued expenses and other liabilities                        101,369          251,654         51,179  
  Deferred revenue                                              293,887          665,724        106,286  
  Operating lease liabilities, net                              -17,004           -6,379         -5,460  
  Net cash provided by operating                              1,605,266        1,471,177        151,892  
  activities                                                                                             
  Cash flows from investing activities:                                                                  
  Purchases of marketable securities                         -4,434,749       -2,056,470       -800,228  
  Maturities of marketable securities                         1,733,043          580,795        343,554  
  Sales of marketable securities                                296,867           36,897              —  
  Purchases of property and equipment                          -132,590          -79,972        -38,084  
  Purchases of strategic investments                           -305,149          -13,000         -3,000  
  Cash paid for acquisition, net of cash                         -3,501          -26,486              —  
  acquired                                                                                               
  Purchases of intangible assets                                -13,018           -5,843           -141  
  Other                                                               —            1,659         -1,569  
  Net cash used in investing activities                      -2,859,097       -1,562,420       -499,468  
  Cash flows from financing activities:                                                                  
  Proceeds from issuance of common stock                         59,331           38,433         15,482  
  for employee stock purchase plan                                                                       
  Proceeds from exercise of stock options,                       14,404           28,550          9,169  
  net of repurchases                                                                                     
  Proceeds from employee equity                                                                          
  transactions (remitted) to be remitted                        -40,004            4,088         48,547  
  to employees and tax authorities, net                                                                  
  Proceeds from follow-on public offering,                                                               
  net of underwriting discounts and                                   —        1,979,206              —  
  commissions and other offering costs                                                                   
  Proceeds from initial public offering                                                                  
  and private placement, net of                                       —                —        542,492  
  underwriting discounts and commissions                                                                 
  and other offering costs                                                                               
  Other                                                             337                —              —  
  Net cash provided by financing                                 34,068        2,050,277        615,690  
  activities                                                                                             
  Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash                      -1,219,763        1,959,034        268,114  
  equivalents, and restricted cash                                                                       
  Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted                      2,293,116          334,082         65,968  
  cash—beginning of year                                                                                 
  Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted      $               1,073,353    $   2,293,116    $   334,082  
  cash—end of year                                                                                       
                                                                                                         
                                                        66                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                          
  Supplemental disclosures of cash flow                                                   
  information                                                                             
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash paid for income taxes, net             $     38,979    $      3,181    $    1,070  
  Supplemental disclosures of non-cash                                                    
  investing and financing information                                                     
  Purchase of equipment during the period                                                 
  included in accounts payable and accrued    $     13,728    $     34,514    $    1,422  
  expenses                                                                                
  Vesting of early exercised stock options    $        407    $        558    $      725  
  and restricted stock awards                                                             
  Conversion of convertible preferred                                                     
  stock to Class B common stock upon          $          —    $          —    $  159,552  
  initial public offering                                                                 
  Conversion of debt to Class A common        $          —    $          —    $   15,344  
  stock                                                                                   
  Reconciliation of cash, cash                                                            
  equivalents, and restricted cash within                                                 
  the consolidated balance sheets to the                                                  
  amounts shown in the consolidated                                                       
  statements of cash flows above:                                                         
                                                                                          
  Cash and cash equivalents                   $  1,062,820    $  2,240,303    $  283,134  
  Restricted cash, current included in                                                    
  prepaid expenses and other current                10,236          50,575        48,647  
  assets                                                                                  
  Restricted cash, noncurrent included in              297           2,238         2,301  
  other assets, noncurrent                                                                
  Total cash, cash equivalents, and           $  1,073,353    $  2,293,116    $  334,082  
  restricted cash                                                                         
                                                                                          
              The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.              
                                                                                                                   
                                                        67                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                          ZOOM VIDEO COMMUNICATIONS, INC.                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
   1.                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
   Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies                                                         
                                                                                                                   
Description of Business

Zoom Video Communications, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, “Zoom,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”)
connect people through our core unified communications offering, which frictionlessly brings together video, phone,
chat, and webinars, and enables meaningful experiences across disparate devices and locations. We were incorporated
in the state of Delaware in April 2011, and are headquartered in San Jose, California.

Fiscal Year

Our fiscal year ends on January 31. References to fiscal year 2022, for example, refer to the fiscal year ended
January 31, 2022.
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States of America (“GAAP”) and include the accounts of Zoom Video
Communications, Inc., its subsidiaries, and a variable interest entity for which we are the primary beneficiary.
All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses
during the reporting period. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include, but are not
limited to, the estimated expected benefit period for deferred contract acquisition costs, the useful lives of
long-lived assets, the incremental borrowing rate for operating leases, stock-based compensation expense, sales and
other tax liabilities, the fair value of marketable securities, acquired intangible assets and goodwill, the
valuation of deferred income tax assets and uncertain tax positions, and accruals and contingencies. Actual results
could materially differ from those estimates.
The COVID-19 pandemic has created, and may continue to create, significant uncertainty in macroeconomic conditions,
and the extent of its impact on our operational and financial performance will depend on certain developments,
including the duration and spread of the outbreak, the availability and distribution of vaccines, and their impact
on our customers and our sales cycles. During the fiscal years ended January 31, 2022 and 2021, our estimates and
assumptions required increased judgment and carried a higher degree of variability and volatility. As events
continue to evolve and additional information becomes available, our estimates may change materially in future
periods.
Concentration of Risks
Our financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash
equivalents, marketable securities, restricted cash, and accounts receivable. We maintain our cash, cash
equivalents, marketable securities, and restricted cash with high-quality financial institutions with investment-
grade ratings. A majority of the cash balances are with U.S. banks and are insured to the extent defined by the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
No single customer accounted for more than 10% of accounts receivable at January 31, 2022 or 2021. No single
customer accounted for 10% or more of total revenue during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020.
Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash in banks and highly liquid investments, primarily money market funds,
purchased with an original maturity of three months or less.
Restricted cash consists of certificates of deposit collateralizing our operating leases and cash from proceeds
from international employees’ sales of our common stock, and is included in prepaid expenses and other current
assets and other assets, noncurrent in the consolidated balance sheets.
As of January 31, 2022 and 2021, we had $ 10.2million and $ 50.5million, respectively, of cash from proceeds from
international employees’ sales of our common stock. The amount is held in our bank account until it is remitted to
the employees and the tax authorities. Due to the restrictions on the use of the funds in the bank account, we have
classified the
                                                        68                                                         
Table of Contents
amount as restricted cash included in prepaid expenses and other current assets, and a corresponding amount is
included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.
Allowance for Credit Losses
We are exposed to credit losses primarily through our accounts receivable and investments in available-for-sale
debt securities. See Note 3 for additional information related to our available-for-sale debt securities.
Accounts receivable, net
Accounts receivable are recorded for invoiced amounts and amounts for which revenue has been recognized, but not
invoiced, net of allowances. Our short-term accounts receivable consist of the following:
                                                                             
                                          As of January       As of January  
                                               31, 2022            31, 2021  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                          -in thousands                      
  Accounts receivable, gross           $        444,369    $        331,547  
  Less: Allowance for credit losses             -17,000             -20,500  
  Less: Allowance for returns                    -7,696             -16,344  
  Accounts receivable, net             $        419,673    $        294,703  
                                                                             
We maintain an allowance for credit losses for expected uncollectible accounts receivable, which is recorded as an
offset to accounts receivable, and changes in such are classified as general and administrative expense in the
consolidated statements of operations. The allowance for credit losses is based on management’s estimate for
expected credit losses for outstanding accounts receivable. We determine expected credit losses based on historical
write-off experience, an analysis of the aging of outstanding receivables, customer payment patterns, the
establishment of specific reserves for customers in an adverse financial condition, and adjust based upon our
expectations of changes in macroeconomic conditions that may impact the collectibility of outstanding receivables,
including noncurrent accounts receivable. We also consider current market conditions and reasonable and supportable
forecasts of future economic conditions to inform adjustments to historical loss data. We reassess the adequacy of
the allowance for credit losses each reporting period. Furthermore, the allowance for sales returns is recorded as
an offset to accounts receivable, and changes to the allowance are classified as a reduction in revenue in the
consolidated statements of operations. We estimate returns from sales to customers based on historical chargebacks
and return rates.

For the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022, our assessment considered business and market disruptions caused by
COVID-19 and estimates of credit and collectibility trends. The continued volatility in market conditions and
evolving shifts in credit trends are difficult to predict, causing variability and volatility that may have a
material impact on our allowance for credit losses in future periods. Below is a rollforward of our allowance for
credit losses for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022.
                                                                                 
                                        January 31, 2022       January 31, 2021  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                           -in thousands                         
  Balance as of beginning of year    $            20,500    $             5,150  
  Provision for credit losses                     32,587                 25,651  
  Write-offs                                     -36,087                -10,301  
  Balance as of end of year          $            17,000    $            20,500  
                                                                                 
Available-for-sale Investments
Available-for-sale investments consist primarily of high-grade commercial paper, agency bonds, corporate bonds,
corporate and other debt securities, U.S. government agency securities, and treasury bills. We classify our
marketable securities as available-for-sale at the time of purchase and reevaluate such classification at each
balance sheet date. We may sell these securities at any time for use in current operations even if they have not
yet reached maturity. As a result, we classify our securities, including those with maturities beyond 12 months, as
current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. We carry these securities at fair value and record unrealized
gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, which is reflected as a component of
stockholders’ equity. We evaluate our securities with unrealized loss positions as to whether the declines in fair
value were due to credit losses, and record the portion of impairment relating to the credit losses through
allowance for credit losses limited to the amount that fair value was less than the amortized cost basis. Realized
gains and losses from the sale of marketable securities are determined based on the specific identification method.
Realized gains and losses are reported in other (expense) income, net in the consolidated statements of operations.
                                                        69                                                         
Table of Contents
Strategic Investments

We hold strategic investments in publicly held equity securities and privately held debt and equity securities in
which we do not have a controlling interest. Publicly held equity securities are measured using quoted prices in
their respective active markets with changes recorded through gains on strategic investments, net in the
consolidated statements of operations. Privately held equity securities without a readily determinable fair value
are recorded at cost and adjusted for impairments and observable price changes with a same or similar security from
the same issuer (i.e. using the measurement alternative) and are recorded through gains on strategic investments,
net in the consolidated statements of operations.

If, based on the terms of these publicly traded and privately held securities, we determine that we exercise
significant influence on the entity to which these securities relate, we will apply the equity method of accounting
for such investments. Privately held equity securities that are accounted for under the equity method are measured
at cost less any impairment, plus or minus our share of equity method investee income or loss, which is reported in
gains on strategic investments, net in the consolidated statements of operations.

Privately held debt securities are recorded at fair value with changes in fair value recorded through accumulated
other comprehensive (loss) income on the consolidated balance sheets.

On a quarterly basis, we assess our privately held debt and equity securities in our strategic investment portfolio
for indicators for impairment. As of January 31, 2022, we have not recognized any impairments to our privately held
debt and equity securities.
Fair Value Measurements
Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a
liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants on the measurement date. We measure financial assets and liabilities at fair value at each
reporting period using a fair value hierarchy, which requires us to maximize the use of observable inputs and
minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. A financial instrument’s classification within
the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
Three levels of inputs may be used to measure fair value:
Level 1—Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2—Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities, quoted
prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, or other inputs that are observable or
can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.
Level 3—Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair
value of the assets or liabilities.
Financial instruments consist of cash equivalents, restricted cash, marketable securities, accounts receivable, and
accounts payable. Cash equivalents, restricted cash, and marketable securities are stated at fair value on a
recurring basis. Accounts receivable and accounts payable are stated at their carrying value, which approximates
fair value due to the short time to the expected receipt or payment date.
Property and Equipment, Net
Property and equipment, net, are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and
amortization are calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective
assets, determined to be threeto five years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the remaining
lease term or the estimated useful life of five years. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed as
incurred. Significant improvements and betterments that substantially enhance the life of an asset are capitalized.
Software Development Costs
We capitalize certain development costs related to our unified communications platform during the application
development stage as long as it is probable the project will be completed, and the software will be used to perform
the function intended. Capitalized software development costs are recorded as part of property and equipment, net.
Costs related to preliminary project activities and post-implementation activities are expensed as incurred.
Capitalized software development costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the software’s estimated useful
life, which is generally three years, and are recorded in cost of revenue in the consolidated statements of
operations. We evaluate the useful lives of these assets on an annual basis and test for impairment whenever events
or changes in circumstances occur that could impact the recoverability of
                                                        70                                                         
Table of Contents
these assets. We have capitalized $ 20.2million, $ 19.4million, and $ 3.1million of software development costs
during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.
Leases
All lease arrangements are generally recognized at lease commencement. Operating lease right-of-use (“ROU”) assets
and operating lease liabilities are recognized at commencement. For short-term leases (an initial term of 12 months
or less), an ROU asset and corresponding lease liability are not recorded and we record rent expense in our
consolidated statements of operations on a straight-line basis over the lease term and record variable lease
payments as incurred. ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset during the reasonably certain lease
term, and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Our lease terms
may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that
option. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present
value of fixed payments not yet paid over the lease term. We use our incremental borrowing rate based on the
information available at the commencement date in determining the lease liabilities as our leases generally do not
provide an implicit rate. Our incremental borrowing rate is estimated to approximate the interest rate on a
collateralized basis with similar terms and payments, in an economic environment where the leased asset is located.
ROU assets also include any initial direct costs incurred and any lease payments made at or before the lease
commencement date, less lease incentives received. We reassess the lease term if and when a significant event or
change in circumstances occurs within our control. We currently do not have any finance leases.
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

We evaluate long-lived assets or asset groups for impairment whenever events indicate that the carrying value of an
asset or asset group may not be recoverable based on expected future cash flows attributable to that asset or asset
group. Recoverability of assets held and used is measured by comparing the carrying amount of an asset or an asset
group to estimated undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. If the
carrying amount of an asset or asset group exceeds estimated undiscounted future cash flows, then an impairment
charge would be recognized based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset or asset group over its fair
value. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of their carrying amount or fair value, less costs to
sell.There were noimpairment charges recognized related to long-lived assets during the fiscal years ended January
31, 2022, 2021, or 2020.
Business Combinations
We account for our business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires, among other
things, allocation of the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and
liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. The excess of the fair value of
purchase consideration over the values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. When
determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, we make estimates and assumptions,
especially with respect to intangible assets. Our estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be
reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from
estimates. During the measurement period, not to exceed one year from the date of acquisition, we may record
adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with a corresponding offset to goodwill if new
information is obtained related to facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. After the
measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations.
Acquisition costs, such as legal and consulting fees, are expensed as incurred.
Uncertain tax positions and tax-related valuation allowances are initially established in connection with a
business combination as of the acquisition date. We continue to collect information and reevaluate these estimates
and assumptions quarterly. We will record any adjustments to our preliminary estimates to goodwill, provided that
it is within the one-year measurement period.
Goodwill and Intangible Assets
Goodwill amounts are not amortized, but rather tested for impairment at least annually or more often if
circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill is considered impaired if the
carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value. We have onereporting unit and as a result, goodwill
has been assigned to the single reporting unit. We conducted our annual impairment test of goodwill in the fourth
quarter of fiscal year 2022 and determined that no adjustment to the carrying value of goodwill was required.
Intangible assets consist of acquired identifiable intangible assets resulting from business combinations, as well
as other intangible assets purchased outside of a business combination, such as domains and intellectual property
addresses. Finite-lived intangible assets are initially recorded at fair value and are amortized on a straight-line
basis over their estimated useful lives. Amortization expense of developed technology is recorded within cost of
revenue in the consolidated statements of operations.
                                                        71                                                         
Table of Contents
We routinely evaluate the estimated remaining useful lives of our finite-lived intangible assets and whether events
or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization. Indefinite-lived intangible
assets are recorded at fair value and are not amortized. We review the useful lives of indefinite-lived intangible
assets each reporting period to determine whether events and circumstances continue to support the indefinite
useful life classification. If we determine that the life of an intangible asset is no longer indefinite, that
asset would be tested for impairment and amortized prospectively over its estimated remaining useful life. There
were no impairment charges to acquired intangible assets during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022.
Revenue Recognition
We derive our revenue primarily from subscription agreements with customers for access to our unified
communications platform and services. We also provide other services, which include professional services,
consulting services, and online event hosting, which were immaterial to our consolidated financial statements.
Revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised services. The amount of revenue recognized
reflects the consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for these services. We determine revenue
recognition through the following steps:
1. Identification of the contract, or contracts, with the customer
We determine a contract with a customer to exist when the contract is approved, each party’s rights regarding the
services to be transferred can be identified, the payment terms for the services can be identified, the customer
has the ability and intent to pay, and the contract has commercial substance. At contract inception, we will
evaluate whether two or more contracts should be combined and accounted for as a single contract and whether the
combined or single contract includes more than one performance obligation. We apply judgment in determining the
customer’s ability and intent to pay, which is based on a variety of factors, including the customer’s historical
payment experience or, in the case of a new customer, credit and financial information pertaining to the customer.
2. Identification of the performance obligations in the contract
Performance obligations committed in a contract are identified based on the services that will be transferred to
the customer that are both capable of being distinct, whereby the customer can benefit from the service either on
its own or together with other resources that are readily available from third parties or from us, and are distinct
in the context of the contract, whereby the transfer of the services or products is separately identifiable from
other promises in the contract. Promised services or products under which both of these two criteria are not met
are recognized as a combined, single performance obligation. Our performance obligations primarily relate to access
to our unified communications platform, which consists of one or more software-based services. Our customers do not
have the ability to take possession of our software, and through access to our platform, we provide a series of
distinct software-based services that are satisfied over the term of the subscription.
3. Determination of the transaction price
The transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for
transferring services to the customer. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price if, in our
judgment, it is probable that a significant future reversal of cumulative revenue recognized under the contract
will not occur. None of our contracts contain a significant financing component. Revenue is recognized net of any
taxes collected from customers, which are subsequently remitted to governmental entities (e.g., sales and other
indirect taxes).
Our unified communications platform and related services are typically warranted to perform in a professional
manner that will comply with the terms of the subscription agreements. In addition, we include service-level
commitments to our customers warranting certain levels of uptime reliability and performance and permitting those
customers to receive credits in the event that we fail to meet those service levels. These credits represent a form
of variable consideration. We have not provided any material refunds related to these agreements in the
consolidated financial statements during the periods presented.
4. Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract
Contracts that contain multiple performance obligations require an allocation of the transaction price to each
performance obligation based on each performance obligation’s relative standalone selling price. Our contracts with
multiple performance obligations are generally sold over the same subscription term and have the same pattern of
transfer to the customer, and so they are accounted for as one combined performance obligation in the context of
the contract. Accordingly, the transaction price is allocated to this single performance obligation.
                                                        72                                                         
Table of Contents
5. Recognition of the revenue when, or as, a performance obligation is satisfied

Revenue is recognized at the time the related performance obligation is satisfied by transferring the control of
the promised service to a customer. Revenue is recognized in an amount that reflects the consideration that we
expect to receive in exchange for those services. Fees for access to our unified communications platform and
related services are subscription revenue and are considered one performance obligation, and the related revenue is
recognized ratably over the subscription period as we satisfy the performance obligation.

Professional services are time-based arrangements and revenue is recognized as these services are performed. Fees
for services represent less than 2% of total revenue during the periods presented.
Cost of Revenue
Cost of revenue primarily consists of costs related to hosting our unified communications platform and providing
general operating support services to our customers. These costs are composed of co-located data center costs,
third-party cloud hosting costs, integrated third-party PSTN services, personnel-related expenses, amortization of
capitalized software development costs and acquired intangible assets, royalty payments, and allocated overhead
costs. Indirect overhead costs associated with corporate facilities and related depreciation, health care benefits,
training, and other employee benefits are allocated to cost of revenue and operating expenses based on applicable
headcount.
Research and Development
Research and development costs include personnel-related expenses associated with our engineering personnel and
consultants responsible for the design, development, and testing of our unified communications platform,
depreciation of equipment used in research and development, and allocated overhead costs. Research and development
costs are expensed as incurred.
Advertising Costs
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred in sales and marketing expense and amounted to $ 40.9million, $
34.8million, and $ 42.0million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.
Stock-Based Compensation
Stock-based compensation expense related to stock awards (including stock options, restricted stock awards
(“RSAs”), RSUs, and ESPP) is measured based on the fair value of the awards granted and recognized as an expense on
a straight-line basis over the requisite service period.
The fair value of each option and ESPP award is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing
model. The Black-Scholes option pricing model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the
fair value of the underlying common stock, the expected term of the award, the expected volatility of the price of
our common stock, risk-free interest rates, and the expected dividend yield of our common stock.
The fair value of each RSA and RSU award is based on the fair value of the underlying common stock as of the grant
date.
The assumptions used to determine the fair value of the stock awards represent management’s best estimates. These
estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management’s judgment. We account for forfeitures
as they occur instead of estimating the number of awards expected to be forfeited.
Foreign Currency
The functional currency of our foreign subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar. Accordingly, monetary assets and
liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries are remeasured into U.S. dollars at the exchange rates in effect at the
reporting date, non-monetary assets and liabilities are remeasured at historical rates, and revenue and expenses
are remeasured at average exchange rates in effect during each reporting period. Foreign currency related gains and
losses have been immaterial during the periods presented.
Income Taxes
We use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and
liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and the tax bases of assets and
liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are
expected to reverse.
Deferred tax assets are evaluated for future realization and reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent we
believe it is more likely than not that they will not be realized. We consider all available positive and negative
evidence, including future
                                                        73                                                         
Table of Contents
reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies,
carryback potential if permitted under the tax law, and results of recent operations.

We record uncertain tax positions in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes on the basis of a two-step process in
which (1) we determine whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of
the technical merits of the position and (2) for those tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition
threshold, we recognize the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon
ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. We consider many factors when evaluating our uncertain tax
positions, which involve significant judgment and may require periodic adjustments. The resolution of these
uncertain tax positions in a manner inconsistent with management's expectations could have a material impact on our
consolidated financial statements. We recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a
component of our provision for income taxes. Accrued interest and penalties are included with the related tax
liability.
Net Income Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders
We calculate our net income per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stock using the two-class method
required for companies with participating securities. We consider our convertible preferred stock and unvested
common stock, which includes early exercised stock options and RSAs, to be participating securities as holders of
such securities have non-forfeitable dividend rights in the event of our declaration of a dividend for shares of
common stock.
Distributed and undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities are subtracted from net income in
determining net income attributable to common stockholders. Basic net income per share is computed by dividing net
income attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares of our Class A and Class B
common stock outstanding.
The diluted net income per share attributable to common stockholders is computed by giving effect to all dilutive
securities. Diluted net income per share attributable to common stockholders is computed by dividing the resulting
net income attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of fully diluted common shares
outstanding.
Segment Information
We operate in oneoperating segment. Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise about which
separate financial information is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker, who is our Chief
Executive Officer (“CEO”), in deciding how to allocate resources and assessing performance. Our chief operating
decision maker allocates resources and assesses performance based upon consolidated financial information.
Revenue by geographical region can be found in the revenue recognition disclosures in Note 2 below. The following
table presents our property and equipment, net of depreciation and amortization, by geographic region:
                                                                           
                                          As of January 31,                
                                                       2022                
                                             (in thousands)          2021  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Americas                             $            180,033    $  138,093  
  APAC                                               36,715        10,033  
  EMEA                                                5,606         1,798  
  Total property and equipment, net    $            222,354    $  149,924  
                                                                           
Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted
In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and
Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers , which requires an acquirer in a business combination to
recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification
Topic 606. ASU 2021-08 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022 and early adoption is
permitted. We do not expect the adoption to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.
                                                        74                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  2. Revenue Recognition                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
Disaggregation of Revenue
The following table summarizes revenue by region based on the billing address of customers:
                                                                                                                   
           Year                                                                                                    
           Ended                                                                                                   
           Janua…                                                                                                  
           31,       2022                   2021                      2020                                         
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                    Perce…                    Perce…                    Perce…     
                                          Amount        of          Amount        of          Amount        of     
                                                    Reven…                    Reven…                    Reven…     
                             -in                                                                                   
                             thous…                                                                                
                             except                                                                                
                             perce…                                                                                
  Amer…                                $  2,734…        67  %    $  1,831…        69  %    $  500,6…        81  %  
  APAC                                    564,1…        13          332,8…        13          51,152         8     
  EMEA                                    801,5…        20          486,8…        18          70,884        11     
  Total                                $  4,099…       100  %    $  2,651…       100  %    $  622,6…       100  %  
                                                                                                                   
Contract Balances

We receive payments from customers based on a billing schedule as established in our customer contracts. Accounts
receivable are recorded when we contractually have the right to consideration. In some arrangements, a right to
consideration for our performance under the customer contract may occur before invoicing to the customer, resulting
in an unbilled accounts receivable. The amount of unbilled accounts receivable included within accounts receivable,
net of allowances on the consolidated balance sheets was $ 59.7million and $ 24.6million as of January 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively.

Contract liabilities consist of deferred revenue. Revenue is deferred when we have the right to invoice in advance
of performance under a customer contract. The current portion of deferred revenue balances is recognized over the
next 12 months. The amount of revenue recognized during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020
that was included in deferred revenue at the beginning of each period was $ 858.2million, $ 222.0million, and $
119.1million, respectively.

Remaining Performance Obligations

The terms of our subscription agreements are monthly, annual, and multiyear and we may bill for the full term in
advance or on an annual, quarterly, or monthly basis, depending on the billing terms with customers. As of January
31, 2022, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to our remaining performance obligations was $
2,647.6million, which consists of both billed consideration in the amount of $ 1,179.9million and unbilled
consideration in the amount of $ 1,467.7million that we expect to recognize as revenue. We expect to recognize 63%
of our remaining performance obligations as revenue over the next 12months and the remainder thereafter.

Cost to Obtain a Contract

We primarily capitalize sales commissions and associated payroll taxes paid to internal sales personnel that are
incremental costs from the acquisition of customer contracts. These costs are recorded as deferred contract
acquisition costs in the consolidated balance sheets. We determine whether costs should be deferred based on our
sales compensation plans and if the commissions are incremental and would not have occurred absent the customer
contract.

Sales commissions paid upon the initial acquisition of a customer contract are amortized over an estimated period
of benefit of three years, which is typically greater than the contractual terms of the customer contracts. We do
not pay sales commissions upon contract renewal. Amortization is recognized on a straight-line basis commensurate
with the pattern of revenue recognition. We determine the period of benefit for commissions paid for the
acquisition of the initial customer contract by taking into consideration the initial estimated customer life and
the technological life of our unified communications platform and related significant features. Amortization of
deferred contract acquisition costs is included in sales and marketing expense in the consolidated statements of
operations.

We periodically review these deferred contract acquisition costs to determine whether events or changes in
circumstances have occurred that could impact the period of benefit. There were no impairment losses recorded
during the periods presented.
                                                        75                                                         
Table of Contents
The following table represents a rollforward of deferred contract acquisition costs:
                                                                                    
                                             Year Ended January 31,                 
                                                               2022           2021  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                      -in thousands                 
  Beginning balance                       $                 293,892    $    91,130  
  Additions to deferred contract                            247,371        307,068  
  acquisition costs                                                                 
  Amortization of deferred contract                        -177,283       -104,306  
  acquisition costs                                                                 
  Ending balance                          $                 363,980    $   293,892  
  Deferred contract acquisition costs,                                              
  current (to be amortized in next 12     $                 199,266    $   136,630  
  months)                                                                           
  Deferred contract acquisition costs,                      164,714        157,262  
  noncurrent                                                                        
  Total deferred contract acquisition     $                 363,980    $   293,892  
  costs                                                                             
                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
  3. Investments                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
Marketable Securities
As of January 31, 2022 and 2021, our marketable securities consisted of the following:
                                                                                                                   
                                         As of January 31, 2022                                                    
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                      Amortized            Gross            Gross       Estimated  
                                                           Cost       Unrealized       Unrealized            Fair  
                                                                           Gains           Losses           Value  
                                                  -in thousands                                                    
  Commercial paper                    $                  28,723    $           —    $           —    $     28,723  
  Agency bonds                                          632,935                2           -3,328         629,609  
  Corporate and other debt                              282,124                5           -1,202         280,927  
  securities                                                                                                       
  U.S. government agency                              3,046,742               28          -19,261       3,027,509  
  securities                                                                                                       
  Treasury bills                                        389,826                —             -148         389,678  
  Marketable securities               $               4,380,350    $          35    $     -23,939    $  4,356,446  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                         As of January 31, 2021                                                    
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                      Amortized            Gross            Gross       Estimated  
                                                           Cost       Unrealized       Unrealized            Fair  
                                                                           Gains           Losses           Value  
                                                  -in thousands                                                    
  Commercial paper                    $                  26,222    $           —    $           —    $     26,222  
  Agency bonds                                          461,335               79              -49         461,365  
  Corporate and other debt                              465,207            1,113              -64         466,256  
  securities                                                                                                       
  U.S. government agency                                834,894               28             -257         834,665  
  securities                                                                                                       
  Treasury bills                                        215,902                6               -6         215,902  
  Marketable securities               $               2,003,560    $       1,226    $        -376    $  2,004,410  
                                                                                                                   
We review the individual securities that have unrealized losses on a regular basis to evaluate whether or not any
security has experienced, or is expected to experience, credit losses resulting in the decline in fair value. We
evaluate, among other factors, whether we have the intention to sell any of these marketable securities and whether
it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell any of them before recovery of the amortized cost
basis. We have not recorded an allowance for credit losses, as we believe any such losses would be immaterial based
on the high-grade credit rating for each of our marketable securities as of the end of each fiscal year. There were
nomaterial realized gains or losses from available-for-sale securities that were reclassified out of accumulated
other comprehensive (loss) income for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020.
                                                        76                                                         
Table of Contents
The following table presents the contractual maturities of our marketable securities as of January 31, 2022 and
2021:
                                                                    
                                 As of January 31,                  
                                              2022                  
                                    (in thousands)            2021  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Less than one year          $          2,387,139    $  1,017,048  
  Due in one to five years               1,969,307         987,362  
  Total                       $          4,356,446    $  2,004,410  
                                                                    
Strategic Investments
Strategic investments by form and measurement category as of January 31, 2022 were as follows:
                                                                                                                   
                              Measurement Category                                                                 
                                        Fair Value                  Measurement                                    
                                    (in thousands)                  Alternative       Equity Method         Total  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Equity securities        $               168,784    $                  91,399    $         93,400    $  353,583  
  Debt securities                           14,231                            —                   —        14,231  
  Strategic investments    $               183,015    $                  91,399    $         93,400    $  367,814  
                                                                                                                   
Strategic investments by form and measurement category as of January 31, 2021 were as follows:
                                                                                                                   
                              Measurement Category                                                                 
                                        Fair Value                                                                 
                                    (in thousands)       Measurement Alternative       Equity Method        Total  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Equity securities        $                     —    $                   13,538    $  —                $  13,538  
  Debt securities                            5,130                             —       —                    5,130  
  Strategic investments    $                 5,130    $                   13,538    $  —                $  18,668  
                                                                                                                   
In the second quarter of fiscal year 2022, we made a $ 75.0million strategic investment of common shares of a
technology company in a private placement concurrent with the investee company’s initial public offering. The
shares are subject to a 180-day lock-up agreement. We recorded a gain of $ 26.3million related to this investment
for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. As of January 31, 2022, the fair value of the investment was $
101.3million and our ownership interest represents approximately onepercent of the economic interest of the
investee’s outstanding capital stock.

In the third quarter of fiscal year 2022, we made an additional strategic investment in equity securities of a
private company. Based on the terms of these privately-held securities, we determined that we currently do not have
a controlling interest but have the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial
policies of the investee. Therefore this investment is currently accounted for under the equity method. The fair
value of the investment was remeasured immediately before adopting the equity method of accounting, based on the
observable price from the most recent financing round. The carrying value of this investment was also adjusted by
our share of the equity method investee’s operating result for the respective period, which was immaterial for the
fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. As a result, we recognized a total gain of $ 49.9million on the existing
investment during the third quarter of fiscal year 2022. As of January 31, 2022, the carrying amount of this
investment was $ 93.4million.

In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022, we made a $ 100.0million strategic investment of common shares of a
software company in a private placement concurrent with the investee company’s merger. We recorded a loss of $
32.5million related to this investment for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. As of January 31, 2022, the fair
value of the investment was $ 67.5million and our ownership interest represents approximately twopercent of the
economic interest of the investee’s outstanding capital stock.
                                                        77                                                         
Table of Contents
In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022, we also made a $ 75.0million strategic investment in equity securities
of a private company. Based on the terms of these privately-held securities, we determined that we do not have a
controlling interest nor the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of
the investee. Therefore this investment is currently accounted for under the measurement alternative method. No
gain or loss was recorded related to this investment for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. As of January 31,
2022, the carrying amount of this investment was $ 75.0million.
                                                                                                                   
  4. Fair Value Measurements                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
The following tables present information about our financial instruments that are measured at fair value on a
recurring basis and indicate the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs utilized to determine such fair
value:
                                                                                                                   
                                               As of January 31, 2022                                              
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                           Fair Value       Level 1         Level 2       Level 3  
                                                        -in thousands                                              
  Financial Assets:                                                                                                
  Money market funds                        $                 688,722    $  688,722    $          —    $        —  
  Treasury bills                                              107,496             —         107,496             —  
  Corporate debt securities                                       749             —             749             —  
  Cash equivalents                                            796,967       688,722         108,245             —  
  Commercial paper                                             28,723             —          28,723             —  
  Agency bonds                                                629,609             —         629,609             —  
  Corporate and other debt securities                         280,927             —         280,927             —  
  U.S. government agency securities                         3,027,509             —       3,027,509             —  
  Treasury bills                                              389,678             —         389,678             —  
  Marketable securities                                     4,356,446             —       4,356,446             —  
  Certificates of deposit included in                             297             —             297             —  
  other assets, noncurrent                                                                                         
  Publicly held equity securities                                                                                  
  included                                                    168,784       168,784               —             —  
  in strategic investments                                                                                         
  Privately held debt securities                                                                                   
  included                                                     14,231             —               —        14,231  
  in strategic investments                                                                                         
  Total financial assets                    $               5,336,725    $  857,506    $  4,464,988    $   14,231  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                               As of January 31, 2021                                              
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                           Fair Value       Level 1         Level 2       Level 3  
                                                        -in thousands                                              
  Financial Assets:                                                                                                
  Money market funds                        $                 958,357    $  958,357    $          —    $        —  
  Treasury bills                                              618,498             —         618,498             —  
  Cash equivalents                                          1,576,855       958,357         618,498             —  
  Commercial paper                                             26,222             —          26,222             —  
  Agency bonds                                                461,365             —         461,365             —  
  Corporate and other debt securities                         466,256             —         466,256             —  
  U.S. government agency securities                           834,665             —         834,665             —  
  Treasury bills                                              215,902             —         215,902             —  
  Marketable securities                                     2,004,410             —       2,004,410             —  
  Certificate of deposit included in                                                                               
  prepaid expenses and other current                              100             —             100             —  
  assets                                                                                                           
  Certificates of deposit included in                           2,238             —           2,238             —  
  other assets, noncurrent                                                                                         
  Privately held debt securities                                                                                   
  included                                                      5,130             —               —         5,130  
  in strategic investments                                                                                         
  Total financial assets                    $               3,588,733    $  958,357    $  2,625,246    $    5,130  
                                                                                                                   
                                                        78                                                         
Table of Contents
We classify our highly liquid money market funds and publicly held equity securities within Level 1 of the fair
value hierarchy because they are valued based on quoted market prices in active markets. We classify our commercial
paper, agency bonds, corporate and other debt securities, U.S. government agency securities, treasury bills, and
certificates of deposit within Level 2 because they are valued using inputs other than quoted prices that are
directly or indirectly observable in the market, including readily available pricing sources for the identical
underlying security, which may not be actively traded. We classify our privately held debt securities as Level 3
due to the lack of relevant observable market data over fair value inputs, such as the probability weighting of the
various scenarios that can impact settlement of the arrangement.
                                                                                                                   
   5. Business Combinations                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
On May 7, 2020, we acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding share capital of Keybase, Inc. (“Keybase”), a secure
messaging and file-sharing company, for purchase consideration of $ 42.9million in cash. The acquisition helps us
strengthen the security of our unified communications platform by providing end-to-end encryption expertise. The
acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination.

In allocating the purchase consideration, $ 24.3million was attributed to goodwill, $ 3.3million to intangible
assets, and $ 15.3million to other net assets acquired primarily consisting of cash and cash equivalents of $
16.4million. The goodwill amount represents synergies related to our existing products expected to be realized from
the acquisition and assembled workforce. The associated goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. Acquired
intangible assets consisted of developed technology with an estimated useful life of five years. The developed
technology had a remaining useful life of 3.3years as of January 31, 2022, and is amortized using the straight-line
method over its estimated useful life.

Not included in the purchase consideration, we also entered into holdback agreements with certain employees for $
20.0million in cash payments, which are subject to such employees’ continued service with us. The holdback amount
of $ 20.0million will be treated as compensation for research and development over the required service period
ranging from one yearto three years.

Transaction costs incurred in connection with the acquisition were immaterial. The results of operations of Keybase
have been included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of the acquisition. Pro forma and
historical results of operations of Keybase have not been presented, as the results do not have a material effect
on any of the periods presented in our consolidated statements of operations.
                                                        79                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  6. Balance Sheet Components                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets
Prepaid expenses and other current assets consisted of the following:
                                                                            
                                           As of January 31,                
                                                        2022          2021  
                                               -in thousands                
  Prepaid expenses                                   112,666        60,702  
  Restricted cash from international                  10,236        50,475  
  employee stock sales                                                      
  Other                                               22,700         5,642  
  Prepaid expenses and other current    $            145,602    $  116,819  
  assets                                                                    
                                                                            
Property and Equipment, Net
Property and equipment consisted of the following:
                                                                            
                                           As of January 31,                
                                                        2022                
                                              (in thousands)          2021  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Computer and office equipment         $            224,901    $  137,445  
  Software                                            59,153        36,216  
  Leasehold improvements                              25,340        23,593  
  Furniture and fixtures                               4,565         4,625  
  Property and equipment, gross                      313,959       201,879  
  Less: accumulated depreciation and                 -91,605       -51,955  
  amortization                                                              
  Property and equipment, net           $            222,354    $  149,924  
                                                                            
Depreciation and amortization expense was $ 47.5million, $ 28.4million, and $ 16.4million for the fiscal years
ended January 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.
                                                        80                                                         
Table of Contents
Other Assets, Noncurrent
Other assets, noncurrent consisted of the following:
                                                                        
                                        As of January 31,               
                                                     2022               
                                           (in thousands)         2021  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Accounts receivable, noncurrent    $             55,643    $  28,008  
  Prepaid expense, noncurrent                      16,120       12,386  
  Other                                            34,998       15,372  
  Other assets, noncurrent           $            106,761    $  55,766  
                                                                        
Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the following:
                                                                                  
                                                 As of January 31,                
                                                              2022                
                                                    (in thousands)          2021  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Accrued expenses                            $            149,658    $  157,167  
  Accrued compensation and benefits                        126,322       118,640  
  Income tax liability                                      56,968         3,426  
  Sales and other tax liabilities                           33,305        27,453  
  Customer deposit liabilities                              20,884        13,050  
  Operating lease liabilities, current                      20,697        15,601  
  Proceeds from employee equity                                                   
  transactions to be remitted to employees                  14,169        54,174  
  and tax authorities                                                             
  Other                                                      8,412         3,507  
  Accrued expenses and other current          $            430,415    $  393,018  
  liabilities                                                                     
                                                                                  
Other Liabilities, Noncurrent
Other liabilities, noncurrent consisted of the following:
                                                                        
                                        As of January 31,               
                                                     2022               
                                           (in thousands)         2021  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Sales and other tax liabilities    $             53,916    $  58,133  
  Other                                            14,194        3,501  
  Other liabilities, noncurrent      $             68,110    $  61,634  
                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
  7. Operating Leases                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
We have entered into various operating lease agreements for office space, with remaining contractual periods of up
to 8years. We also enter into equipment operating lease agreements related to our HaaS offering. As a practical
expedient, we account for HaaS with customers as a combined performance obligation with the right to access our
unified communications platform under ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . HaaS was immaterial to our
consolidated financial statements. Many of our leases contain oneor more options to extend. As leases approach
maturity, we consider various factors such as market conditions and the terms of any renewal options that may exist
to determine whether we are reasonably certain to exercise the options to extend the lease. Operating lease expense
for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was $ 22.8million, $ 14.5million and $ 9.7million ,
respectively, excluding short-term lease costs, variable lease costs, and sublease income, each of which was
immaterial for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 .
                                                        81                                                         
Table of Contents
Supplemental balance sheet information related to operating leases was as follows:
                                                                                                                   
                                                            As of January 31,                                      
                                                                         2022                                      
  Reported as:                                 (in thousands, except life and                                      
  Assets:                                                        percentages)                     2021             
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Operating lease right-of-use         $                               95,965               $   97,649             
  assets                                                                                                           
  Liabilities:                                                                                                     
  Accrued expenses and other                                                                                       
  current                              $                               20,697               $   15,601             
  liabilities                                                                                                      
  Operating lease liabilities,                                         85,018                   90,415             
  noncurrent                                                                                                       
  Total operating lease liabilities    $                              105,715               $  106,016             
  Weighted average remaining lease                                             5.1 years                6.1 years  
  term                                                                                                             
  Weighted average discount rate                                          4.0  %                   4.5  %          
                                                                                                                   
Supplemental cash flow and other information related to operating leases was as follows:
                                                                                                   
                                                 Year Ended January 31,                            
                                                                   2022         2021         2020  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                          -in thousands                            
  Cash payments included in the                                                                    
  measurement of our operating lease          $                  22,679    $  13,717    $   9,774  
  liabilities                                                                                      
  Operating lease right-of-use assets                                                              
  recognized in exchange for new operating    $                  16,784    $  39,918    $  34,993  
  lease obligations                                                                                
                                                                                                   
As of January 31, 2022, the future minimum lease payments included in the measurement of our operating lease
liabilities are as follows:
                                                                  
                                          As of January 31, 2022  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                   -in thousands  
  Year Ending January 31,                                         
  2023                                 $                  24,491  
  2024                                                    24,234  
  2025                                                    23,552  
  2026                                                    18,467  
  2027                                                    11,704  
  Thereafter                                              15,315  
  Total operating lease payments       $                 117,763  
  Less: imputed interest                                 -12,048  
  Total operating lease liabilities    $                 105,715  
                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
  8. Commitments and Contingencies                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
Non-cancelable Purchase Obligations

In the normal course of business, we enter into non-cancelable purchase commitments with various parties to
purchase primarily software-based services. As of January 31, 2022, we had outstanding non-cancelable purchase
obligations with a term of less than 12 months of $ 227.2million and non-cancelable purchase obligations with a
term 12 months or longer of $ 159.4million.
                                                        82                                                         
Table of Contents
Indemnifications and Contingency

Our agreements with certain larger customers include certain provisions for indemnifying customers against
liabilities if our services infringe a third party’s intellectual property rights. It is not possible to determine
the maximum potential amount under these indemnification obligations due to the limited history of prior
indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances that may be involved in each particular agreement. To
date, we have not incurred any material costs as a result of such provisions and have not accrued any liabilities
related to such obligations in our consolidated financial statements.

In addition, we have indemnification agreements with our directors and our executive officers that require us,
among other things, to indemnify our directors and executive officers for costs associated with any fees, expenses,
judgments, fines, and settlement amounts incurred by any of those persons in any action or proceeding to which any
of those persons is, or is threatened to be, made a party by reason of the person’s service as a director or
officer, including any action by us, arising out of that person’s services as our director or officer or that
person’s services provided to any other company or enterprise at our request. We maintain director and officer
insurance coverage that may enable us to recover a portion of any future indemnification amounts paid. To date,
there have been no claims under any of our directors’ and executive officers’ indemnification provisions.

Sales and Other Tax Liabilities

We conduct operations in many tax jurisdictions. In many jurisdictions, non-income-based taxes, such as sales and
use tax and other indirect taxes, are assessed on our operations. Although we are diligent in collecting and
remitting such taxes, there is uncertainty as to what constitutes sufficient presence for a jurisdiction to levy
taxes, fees, and surcharges for sales made over the Internet. As of January 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded sales
and other tax liabilities of $ 87.2million and $ 85.6million, respectively, of which $ 33.3million and $
27.5million are included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities, respectively, and $ 53.9million and $
58.1million are included in other liabilities, noncurrent, respectively, in our consolidated balance sheets, based
on our best estimate of the probable liability for the loss contingency incurred as of those dates. Our estimate of
a probable outcome under the loss contingency is based on analysis of our sales and marketing activities, revenue
subject to sales tax, and applicable regulations in applicable jurisdictions in each period. No significant
adjustments to the sales and other tax liabilities have been recognized in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements for changes to the assumptions underlying the estimate; however, changes in our assumptions may occur in
the future as we obtain new information, which can result in adjustments to the recorded liability.

Other Contingencies

In June 2020 we received a grand jury subpoena from the Department of Justice’s U.S. Attorney’s Office for Eastern
District of New York (“EDNY”), which requested information regarding our interactions with foreign governments and
foreign political parties, including the Chinese government, as well as information regarding storage of and access
to user data, the development and implementation of Zoom’s privacy policies, and the actions we took relating to
the Tiananmen commemorations on Zoom. In July 2020, we received subpoenas from the Department of Justice’s U.S.
Attorney’s Office for the Northern District of California (“NDCA”) and the SEC. Both subpoenas seek documents and
information relating to various security, data protection and privacy matters, including our encryption, and our
statements relating thereto, as well as calculation of usage metrics and related public statements. In addition,
the NDCA subpoena seeks information relating to any contacts between our employees and representatives of the
Chinese government, and any attempted or successful influence by any foreign government in our policies,
procedures, practices, and actions as they relate to users in the United States. We have since received additional
subpoenas from EDNY and NDCA seeking related information. We are fully cooperating with all of these investigations
and have been conducting our own thorough internal investigation. These investigations are ongoing, and we do not
know when they will be completed, which facts we will ultimately discover as a result of the investigations, or
what actions the government may or may not take. We cannot predict the outcome of these investigations, and a
negative outcome in any or all of these matters could cause us to incur substantial fines, penalties, or other
financial exposure.

Legal Proceedings

On April 7, 2020, and April 8, 2020, securities class action complaints were filed against us and twoof our
officers in the United States District Court for the NDCA. The plaintiffs are purported stockholders of the
Company. The complaints allege, among other things, that we violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and Rule 10b-5 by making false and misleading statements and omissions of material fact about
our data privacy and security measures. The complaints seek unspecified damages, interest, fees, and costs. On May
18, 2020, the actions were consolidated. On November 4, 2020, the court appointed a lead plaintiff. On December 23,
2020, the lead plaintiff filed a consolidated complaint. We filed a motion to dismiss the consolidated complaint on
May 20, 2021. Plaintiff filed an opposition to our motion to dismiss on July 9, 2021. Our reply in support of the
motion to dismiss was filed on August 9, 2021. On February 16, the court granted in part, and denied in part, our
motion to dismiss.
                                                        83                                                         
Table of Contents
On June 11, 2020 and July 30, 2020, purported shareholder derivative complaints were filed in the United States
District Court for the District of Delaware. The first complaint names as defendants nineof our officers and
directors and the second complaint names eightof our officers and directors. The lawsuits assert state and federal
claims and are based on the same alleged misstatements as the shareholder class action complaint. The lawsuits
accuse our board of directors of failing to exercise reasonable and prudent supervision over our management,
policies, practices, and internal controls. The plaintiffs seek unspecified monetary damages on behalf of us as
well as governance reforms. On September 25, 2020, the derivative cases were consolidated. The consolidated case is
stayed pending resolution of the motion to dismiss the securities class action. On October 27, 2021, a third
substantially identical lawsuit was filed in the same court against the same defendants, seeking unspecified
monetary damages and governance reforms. On November 17, 2021, all threederivative lawsuits were consolidated and
stayed pending resolution of the motion to dismiss the securities class action.

We believe these lawsuits are without merit, and we are vigorously defending ourselves against them. Given the
uncertainty of litigation, the preliminary stage of the cases, and the legal standards that must be met for, among
other things, class certification and success on the merits, we cannot estimate the reasonably possible loss or
range of loss that may result from these actions.

Beginning on March 30, 2020, multiple putative class actions were filed against us in various U.S. federal district
courts and state courts relating to our alleged privacy and security practices, including alleged data sharing with
third parties (the “U.S. Privacy Class Actions”). The plaintiffs claim violations of a variety of state consumer
protection and privacy laws, and also assert state constitutional and common law claims, such as negligence and
unjust enrichment. The U.S. Privacy Class Actions seek to certify both nationwide and state-specific classes of
individuals using our services in certain time periods. The plaintiffs seek various forms of injunctive and
monetary relief, including restitution, statutory and actual damages, punitive damages, and attorneys’ fees. The
federal cases have been transferred to and consolidated in the NDCA with our consent; lead plaintiffs’ counsel have
been appointed; and plaintiffs filed their first amended consolidated class action complaint on October 28, 2020.
On March 11, 2021, the court granted in part, and denied in part, our motion to dismiss, and gave plaintiffs leave
to amend. On July 30, 2021, we entered into a settlement agreement with plaintiffs to settle the action on a
classwide basis, and plaintiffs filed a motion for preliminary approval of the settlement with the court on July
31, 2021. On October 21, 2021, the court preliminarily approved the settlement. Under the terms of the settlement,
we have paid $ 85.0million into an escrow account that will be used to pay claims filed by settlement class
members, attorneys’ fees and expenses, administrative costs, and service payments to plaintiffs. The Court has
scheduled a final approval hearing to take place on April 7, 2022. We recorded an aggregate legal settlement charge
of $ 66.9million net of amounts estimated to be covered by insurance as a general and administrative expense in our
consolidated statement of operations for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022.

On January 19, 2021, we finalized a settlement agreement with the FTC which requires us to implement certain
injunctive provisions, including, among other things, refraining from making any misrepresentations regarding the
privacy and security of our services or how we collect, maintain, use, delete, disclose, allow access to, and
protect user information. It also requires us to implement a detailed information security program and obtain
third-party security assessments periodically. We do not expect the settlement to have a material impact on our
financial results. We are cooperating with the FTC’s requirements and working to ensure compliance.

In addition, from time to time, we are involved in various other legal proceedings arising from the normal course
of business activities. We are not presently a party to any other such litigation the outcome of which, we believe,
if determined adversely to us, would individually, or taken together, have a material adverse effect on our
business, operating results, cash flows, or financial condition. Defending such proceedings is costly and can
impose a significant burden on management and employees. We may receive unfavorable preliminary or interim rulings
in the course of litigation, and there can be no assurances that favorable final outcomes will be obtained.

9. Stockholders’ Equity and Equity Incentive Plans

Convertible Preferred Stock

Upon completion of the IPO in April 2019, all shares of convertible preferred stock outstanding, totaling
152,665,804shares, were automatically converted into an equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock on a
one-to-one basis and their carrying value of $ 159.6million was reclassified into stockholders’ equity. As of
January 31, 2022 and 2021, there were noshares of convertible preferred stock issued and outstanding.

In connection with the IPO, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation became effective, which
authorized the issuance of 200,000,000shares of undesignated preferred stock with a par value of $ 0.001with rights
and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by our board of directors.
                                                        84                                                         
Table of Contents
Dual-Class Common Stock Structure

In November 2018, we implemented a dual class common stock structure pursuant to which all the then-outstanding
shares of our common stock were reclassified as Class B common stock and a new class of Class A common stock was
authorized. The Class A common stock is entitled to onevote per share and the Class B common stock is entitled to
10votes per share. The Class A and Class B common stock have the same dividend and liquidation rights. Each share
of Class B common stock will automatically convert into oneshare of Class A common stock upon (a) any transfer of
such share, except for certain permitted transfers described in our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and (b) the death of the holder of such share. In addition, each share of Class B common stock will
be automatically converted into oneshare of Class A common stock upon the earliest of (a) the date that is six
monthsfollowing the death or incapacity of Eric S. Yuan (our CEO), (b) the date that is six monthsfollowing the
date that Mr. Yuan is no longer providing services to us or his employment is terminated for cause, (c) the date
specified by the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of convertible preferred stock, voting
together on an as-converted basis, and the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class B common
stock, voting as a separate class, and (d) the 15-year anniversary of the closing of our IPO. In connection with
the implementation of the dual-class common stock structure, each then-outstanding share of our convertible
preferred stock became convertible into oneshare of Class B common stock, and all outstanding options to purchase
shares of common stock became options to purchase an equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock.

Upon the effectiveness of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation in November 2018, the number of
shares of common stock that is authorized to be issued consisted of 320,000,000shares of Class A common stock, $
0.001par value per share and 300,000,000shares of Class B common stock, $ 0.001par value per share. Class A and
Class B common stock are collectively referred to as “common stock” throughout the notes to the consolidated
financial statements, unless otherwise noted.

Equity Financing

On April 23, 2019, we completed our IPO, in which we issued and sold 9,911,434shares of our Class A common stock at
$ 36.00per share. On April 18, 2019, the underwriters exercised their option to purchase an additional
3,130,435shares of our Class A common stock at $ 36.00per share. We received aggregate proceeds of $ 447.9million,
net of underwriters’ discounts and commissions. In connection with the IPO:

• all of the shares of convertible preferred stock outstanding automatically converted into an aggregate of
152,665,804shares of Class B common stock;

• outstanding convertible promissory notes and accrued interest automatically converted into 426,223shares of Class
A common stock based on the IPO price of $ 36.00per share; and

• Salesforce Ventures LLC purchased 2,777,777shares of Class A common stock from us at $ 36.00per share in a
concurrent private placement. We received aggregate proceeds of $ 100.0million and did not pay any underwriting
discounts or commissions with respect to the shares of Class A common stock that were sold in this private
placement.

Deferred offering costs consist primarily of accounting, legal, and other fees related to our IPO. Prior to the
IPO, all deferred offering costs were capitalized in other assets, noncurrent in the consolidated balance sheets.
After the IPO, $ 6.4million of deferred offering costs were reclassified into stockholders’ equity (deficit) as a
reduction of the IPO proceeds in the consolidated balance sheets. We capitalized $ 2.4million of deferred offering
costs within other assets, noncurrent in the consolidated balance sheet as of January 31, 2019, which were
reclassified into additional paid-in capital upon the completion of the IPO.

On January 15, 2021, we completed our follow-on public offering, in which we issued and sold 5,882,353shares of our
Class A common stock, including 735,294shares pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriter's option to purchase
additional shares, at $ 340.00per share. We received aggregate proceeds of $ 1,980.0million, net of underwriters’
discounts and commissions. The other related offering costs were immaterial.

Common Stock

Upon the completion of the IPO in April 2019, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation became
effective, which also authorized the issuance of 2,000,000,000shares of Class A common stock, $ 0.001par value per
share and 300,000,000shares of Class B common stock, $ 0.001par value per share.
                                                        85                                                         
Table of Contents
We have the following shares of Class A common stock reserved for future issuance:
                                                                            
                                           As of January 31,                
                                                        2022          2021  
  Stock options outstanding                        6,195,205     9,239,504  
  RSUs outstanding                                 5,546,366     4,510,730  
  ESPP purchase rights outstanding                 1,784,687       724,883  
  Remaining shares available for future           56,620,720    44,584,783  
  issuance under the 2011 and 2019 plan                                     
  Remaining shares available for future           10,685,867     9,648,574  
  issuance under the ESPP                                                   
  Total shares of Class A common stock            80,832,845    68,708,474  
  reserved                                                                  
                                                                            
Equity Incentive Plans

In 2011, we adopted the 2011 Global Share Plan (“2011 Plan”), under which officers, employees, and consultants were
granted various forms of equity incentive compensation at the discretion of the board of directors, including stock
options and restricted stock awards. In connection with the IPO, the shares of Class B common stock remaining
available for issuance under the 2011 Plan became available for issuance for a corresponding number of shares of
our Class A common stock under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (“2019 Plan”), which is a successor to and
continuation of our 2011 Plan.

In April 2019, we adopted the 2019 Plan, which became effective in connection with our IPO. Our 2019 Plan provides
for the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, RSAs, RSU awards, performance awards, and other forms of
awards. The awards generally vest over four years. The plan administrator determines the term of stock options
granted under the 2019 Plan, up to a maximum of 10years. The maximum number of shares of our Class A common stock
that may be issued under our 2019 Plan will not exceed 58,300,889shares of our Class A common stock, which is the
sum of (1) 34,000,000new shares, plus (2) an additional number of shares not to exceed 24,300,889, consisting of
(A) shares that remain available for the issuance of awards under our 2011 Plan as of immediately prior to the time
our 2019 Plan becomes effective and (B) shares of Class B common stock subject to outstanding stock options or
other stock awards granted under our 2011 Plan that, on or after the 2019 Plan became effective, terminate, or
expire prior to exercise or settlement; are not issued because the award is settled in cash; are forfeited because
of the failure to vest; or are reacquired or withheld (or not issued) to satisfy a tax withholding obligation or
the purchase or exercise price, if any, as such shares become available from time to time. In addition, the number
of shares of our Class A common stock reserved for issuance under our 2019 Plan automatically increases on February
1 of each calendar year, starting on February 1, 2020 through February 1, 2029, in an amount equal to (i) 5% of the
total number of shares of our common stock (both Class A and Class B) outstanding on January 31 of the fiscal year
before the date of each automatic increase or (ii) a lesser number of shares determined by our board of directors
prior to the applicable February 1.

Stock Options
A summary of stock option activity under our equity incentive plan and related information is as follows:
                                                                                                                   
                                               Stock Options                                                       
                                                 Outstanding                    Weighted-                          
                                                       Stock       Weighted-    Average                            
                                                     Options         Average    Remaining               Aggregate  
                                (in thousands, except share,        Exercise    Contractual             Intrinsic  
                                    life and per share data)           Price    Life (Years)                Value  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Outstanding as of January                        9,239,504    $       7.17                  7.0    $  3,371,457  
  31, 2021                                                                                                         
  Exercised                                       -2,881,485    $       5.00                         $    842,989  
  Canceled/forfeited/expired                        -162,814    $      11.24                                       
  Outstanding as of January                        6,195,205    $       8.08                  6.0    $    905,744  
  31, 2022                                                                                                         
  Vested and expected to                                                                                           
  vest as of                                       6,195,205    $       8.08                  6.0    $    905,744  
  January 31, 2022                                                                                                 
  Exercisable as of January                        4,898,249    $       5.72                  5.9    $    727,701  
  31, 2022                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
There were nooptions granted for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2022 and 2021. The weighted-average grant date
fair value of options granted to employees during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2020 was $ 25.17. The intrinsic
value of the options exercised, which represents the difference between the fair market value of our common stock
on the date of exercise and the exercise price of each option, was $ 843.0million, $ 1,786.7million, and $
767.3million during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of January 31, 2022,
unrecognized stock-based compensation expense
                                                        86                                                         
Table of Contents
related to outstanding unvested stock options was $ 19.7million, which is expected to be recognized over a
weighted-average period of 0.8years.
The Black-Scholes assumptions used to value the employee options at the grant dates are as follows:
                                                          
                             Year Ended January 31, 2020  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Expected term (years)      5.0-6.1                      
  Expected volatility        49.9% -53.2%                 
  Risk-free interest rate    1.6% -2.5%                   
  Expected dividend yield    —                            
                                                          
These assumptions and estimates were determined as follows:

• Fair Value of Common Stock. Prior to our IPO, the fair value was determined by our board of directors, with input
from management and valuation reports prepared by third-party valuation specialists. Stock-based compensation for
financial reporting purposes is measured based on updated estimates of fair value when appropriate, such as when
additional relevant information related to the estimate becomes available in a valuation report issued as of a
subsequent date. After our initial public offering, the fair value of each share of underlying common stock was
based on the closing price of our Class A common stock as reported on the date of the grant.

• Risk-Free Interest Rate. The risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the options was based on the U.S.
Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant.

• Expected Term. The expected term of options represents the period of time that options are expected to be
outstanding. Our historical stock option exercise experience does not provide a reasonable basis upon which to
estimate an expected term due to a lack of sufficient data. For stock options granted to employees, we estimate the
expected term by using the simplified method. The simplified method calculates the expected term as the average of
the time-to-vesting and the contractual life of the stock options. For stock options granted to nonemployees, the
expected term equals the contractual term of the stock option.

• Expected Volatility. As we have a short trading history for our common stock, the expected volatility was
estimated by taking the average historic price volatility for industry peers, consisting of several public
companies in our industry that are similar in size, stage of life cycle, or financial leverage, over a period
equivalent to the expected term of the awards.

• Expected Dividend Yield. We have never declared or paid any cash dividends and do not presently plan to pay cash
dividends in the foreseeable future. As a result, an expected dividend yield of zero percent was used.

Restricted Stock Units
A summary of RSU activity under our equity incentive plan and related information is as follows:
                                                                                       
                                           RSUs                                        
                                       Unvested                      Weighted-Average  
                                           RSUs       Grant Date Fair Value Per Share  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Unvested as of January 31, 2021     4,510,730    $                           194.57  
  Granted                             3,195,949    $                           265.12  
  Vested                             -1,768,702    $                           190.36  
  Canceled/forfeited                   -391,611    $                           250.92  
  Unvested as of January 31, 2022     5,546,366    $                           232.58  
                                                                                       
In October 2021, we added a feature to new and existing stock awards that provides employees with additional awards
based on certain stock price criteria. The value of the modified RSUs began to be recognized as compensation
expense in the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022 and will continue to be recognized through the remaining
requisite service period for the RSUs. This had an immaterial impact on our consolidated statement of operations
for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022.

As of January 31, 2022, unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to outstanding unvested RSUs was $
1,437.2million, including the impact of the modification, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-
average period of 2.8years.
                                                        87                                                         
Table of Contents
2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan

In April 2019, we adopted the 2019 ESPP, which became effective in connection with the IPO. A total of
9,000,000shares of our Class A common stock were initially reserved for issuance under the ESPP. The number of
shares of our Class A common stock reserved for issuance automatically increases on February 1 of each calendar
year, beginning on February 1, 2020 through February 1, 2029, by the lesser of (1) 1% of the total number of shares
of our common stock (both Class A and Class B) outstanding on the last day of the fiscal year before the date of
the automatic increase, and (2) 7,500,000shares; provided that before the date of any such increase, our board of
directors may determine that such increase will be less than the amount set forth in clauses (1) and (2).

Under our current ESPP, Class A common stock will be purchased for the accounts of employees participating in the
ESPP at a price per share equal to the lesser of (1) 85% of the fair market value of a share of our Class A common
stock on the first date of an offering or (2) 85% of the fair market value of a share of our Class A common stock
on the date of purchase. No employee may purchase shares under the ESPP at a rate in excess of $ 25,000worth of our
Class A common stock based on the fair market value per share of our Class A common stock at the beginning of an
offering for each calendar year such purchase right is outstanding or 3,000shares. The 2019 ESPP provides for, at
maximum, 27months offering periods with fouroffering dates, generally in June and December of each year. The first
offering period began on April 18, 2019. During the fiscal years ended January 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, 838,395,
923,553, and 490,268shares, respectively, of our Class A common stock were purchased under the ESPP.

As of January 31, 2022, unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the ESPP was $ 65.3million, which
is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.6years.
                                                                     
                             Year Ended January 31,                  
                             2022                      2021          
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Expected term (years)      0.5-2.1                   0.5-2.1       
  Expected volatility        40.3% -75.0%              40.3% -75.0%  
  Risk-free interest rate    0.0% -2.5%                0.1% -2.5%    
  Expected dividend yield    —                         —             
                                                                     
The stock-based compensation expense by line item in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations is
summarized as follows:
                                                                                                                   
                                            Year Ended January 31,                2022          2021         2020  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                                         -in thousands                             
  Cost of revenue                                                     $         69,612    $   34,960    $   7,860  
  Research and development                                                     113,000        50,161       11,645  
  Sales and marketing                                                          229,297       146,377       41,465  
  General and administrative                                                    65,378        44,320       12,139  
  Total stock-based compensation expense                                       477,287       275,818       73,109  
  Benefit from income taxes                                                    -84,245             —            —  
  Total stock-based compensation expense                              $        393,042    $  275,818    $  73,109  
  recorded to net income                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  10. Income Taxes                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
The components of the net income before the (benefit from) provision for income taxes were as follows:
                                                                    
                 Year Ended January 31,                             
                                   2022          2021         2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                          -in thousands                             
  Domestic    $               1,047,318    $  663,909    $  16,268  
  Foreign                        54,314        14,125       10,094  
  Total       $               1,101,632    $  678,034    $  26,362  
                                                                    
                                                        88                                                         
Table of Contents
The (benefit from) provision for income taxes was as follows:
                                                                                            
                                           Year Ended January 31,                           
                                                             2022        2021         2020  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                    -in thousands                           
  Current:                                                                                  
  Federal                               $                  69,853    $      —    $       —  
  State                                                    20,174       1,023           14  
  Foreign                                                  12,027       3,933        2,226  
  Total current income tax expense                        102,054       4,956        2,240  
  Deferred:                                                                                 
  Federal                                                -293,704         689            —  
  State                                                   -82,561         248            —  
  Foreign                                                     204        -175       -1,183  
  Total deferred income tax expense                      -376,061         762       -1,183  
  Total (benefit from) provision for    $                -274,007    $  5,718    $   1,057  
  income taxes                                                                              
                                                                                            
The (benefit from) provision for income taxes differs from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal
tax rate as follows:
                                                                                                                   
                                                     Year Ended January 31,                                        
                                                                       2022              2021             2020     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                          -in thousands, except percentages                                        
  Tax at federal statutory rate        $                            231,350       $   142,387       $    5,536     
  State taxes                                                        24,840               636               14     
  Foreign rate differential                                           1,830                89           -2,096     
  Stock-based compensation                                         -135,250          -302,362          -32,070     
  Foreign-derived intangible income                                 -34,131                 —                —     
  deduction                                                                                                        
  Permanent items                                                     3,971             2,228            1,009     
  Research and development credits                                  -42,973            -3,170           -2,808     
  Tax uncertainties                                                     244              -607            1,019     
  Change in valuation allowance                                    -322,231           165,869           30,932     
  Other                                                              -1,658               648             -479     
  Total                                $                           -274,007       $     5,718       $    1,057     
  Effective tax rate                                                  -24.9  %            0.8  %           4.0  %  
                                                                                                                   
Deferred income taxes result from differences in the recognition of amounts for tax and financial reporting
purposes, as well as operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Significant components of our deferred income tax
assets as of January 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows:
                                                        89                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                
                                              As of January 31,                 
                                                           2022                 
  Deferred tax assets:                           (in thousands)           2021  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net operating loss carryforwards         $             21,558    $   341,487  
  Research and development credit                         9,985         12,191  
  carryforwards                                                                 
  Stock-based compensation                               44,490         37,255  
  Accruals and reserves                                  14,475         29,195  
  Deferred revenue                                      260,322          6,565  
  Capitalized research expenditures                     131,010              —  
  Operating lease liabilities                            25,892         27,842  
  Total deferred tax assets                             507,732        454,535  
  Valuation allowance                                   -12,605       -335,051  
  Total deferred tax assets net of                      495,127        119,484  
  valuation allowance                                                           
  Deferred tax liabilities:                                                     
  Property and equipment and intangible                 -26,733        -17,229  
  assets                                                                        
  Deferred contract acquisition costs                   -62,814        -76,593  
  Operating right-of-use assets                         -23,466        -25,550  
  Total deferred tax liabilities                       -113,013       -119,372  
  Net deferred tax assets                  $            382,114    $       112  
                                                                                
We review the likelihood that we will realize the benefit of our deferred tax assets and, therefore, the need for a
valuation allowance on a quarterly basis. We have maintained a valuation allowance on all our U.S. and U.K. net
deferred tax assets since our inception as it was determined that it was more likely than not that we would not
recognize the benefits of these assets. We continued to record a valuation allowance through the first nine months
of fiscal 2022. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, management concluded that the valuation allowance related to
the U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets was no longer needed primarily due to its assessment of income/loss
in recent periods and the forecast of future taxable income. As of January 31, 2022, based on evaluation of all
positive and negative evidence, management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets
will be realized for U.S. federal and state purposes. Accordingly, management has recognized a non-recurring tax
benefit of $ 328.0million related to the valuation allowance reversal. As of January 31, 2022, we continued to
maintain a valuation allowance of $ 12.6million related to net deferred tax assets of our U.K. subsidiary and will
maintain this valuation allowance until there is sufficient evidence to support the reversal of all or a portion of
the valuation allowance.

As of January 31, 2022, we had net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $ 122.3million for state income
tax purposes, which will begin to expire in the year 2033 if unused. We also had certain foreign net operating loss
carryforwards of $ 44.2million, which have an indefinite life.

As of January 31, 2022, we also had research and development credit carryforwards of approximately $ 18.4million
for state income tax purposes. The state research and development tax credits carry forward indefinitely.

The state net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to significant limitations under Section 382 and Section
383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and similar provisions under state law. Such provisions limit the net
operating loss carryforwards that may be used in any given year in the event of special occurrences, including
significant ownership changes. We have completed a Section 382 review and determined that none of our operating
losses will expire solely due to Section 382 limitation(s).

We indefinitely reinvest earnings from our foreign subsidiaries and therefore no deferred tax liability has been
recognized on the basis difference created by such earnings. We have not provided foreign withholding taxes for any
undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries.
                                                        90                                                         
Table of Contents
A reconciliation of the beginning and ending balance of total unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:
                                                                                                  
                                                 Year Ended January 31,                           
  Unrecognized Tax Benefits (in thousands)                         2022         2021        2020  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance, beginning of year                  $                  14,884    $   8,106    $  2,778  
  Tax Positions taken in prior year:                                                              
  Gross increases                                                     —          314           —  
  Gross decreases                                                -3,764            —           —  
  Tax Positions taken in current year:                                                            
  Gross increases                                                 8,211        6,001       5,328  
  Gross decreases                                                     —            —           —  
  Lapse of Statute of Limitations                                  -160         -422           —  
  Acquisitions                                                        —          885           —  
  Balance, end of year                        $                  19,171    $  14,884    $  8,106  
                                                                                                  
As of January 31, 2022, gross unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions were $ 19.2million ($
19.6million total, including $ 0.4million associated with interest and penalties). As of January 31, 2021, gross
unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions were $ 14.9million ($ 15.0million total, including $
0.1million associated with interest and penalties). As of January 31, 2020, gross unrecognized tax benefits related
to uncertain tax positions were $ 8.1million ($ 8.4million total, including $ 0.3million associated with interest
and penalties). We recognized approximately $ 0.4million, $ 0.1million, and $ 0.3million in potential interest and
penalties associated with uncertain tax positions during fiscal years ended January 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020,
respectively. To the extent taxes are not assessed with respect to uncertain tax positions, substantially all
amounts accrued (including interest and penalties) will be reduced and reflected as a reduction of the overall
income tax provision. Unrecognized tax benefits and associated accrued interest and penalties are included in our
income tax provision.

We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, various state jurisdictions, and various foreign
jurisdictions. As of January 31, 2022, all of the years remain open to examination by the federal and state tax
authorities, for three or four years from the tax year in which net operating losses or tax credits are utilized.
We believe that an adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations.
Although the timing of the resolution, settlement, and closure of audits is not certain, we do not believe it is
reasonably possible that our unrecognized tax benefits will materially change in the next 12 months.

On March 11, 2021, the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 (“American Rescue Plan Act”) was passed into law and
amended portions of relevant tax laws. The American Rescue Plan Act did not have a significant impact on the
provision for income taxes for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022.
                                                        91                                                         
Table of Contents
11. Net Income Per Share Attributable to Common Stockholders
The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income per share attributable to common
stockholders for the periods presented:
                                                                                                                   
           Year                                                                                                    
           Ended                                                                                                   
           Janua…                                                                                                  
           31,       2022                   2021                      2020                                         
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                           Class        Class        Class        Class        Class        Class  
                                               A            B            A            B            A            B  
                             -in                                                                                   
                             thous…                                                                                
                             except                                                                                
  Nume…                      share                                                                                 
                             and                                                                                   
                             per                                                                                   
                             share                                                                                 
                             data                                                                                  
  Net                                  $  1,105…    $  270,2…    $  432,9…    $  239,3…    $   5,450    $  19,855  
  inco…                                                                                                            
  Less:                                                                                                            
  undi…                                                                                                            
  earn…                                                                                                            
  attr…                                        —         -582            —         -789            —       -3,555  
  to                                                                                                               
  part…                                                                                                            
  secu…                                                                                                            
  Net                                                                                                              
  inco…                                                                                                            
  attr…                                                                                                            
  to                                   $  1,105…    $  269,6…    $  432,9…    $  238,5…    $   5,450    $  16,300  
  comm…                                                                                                            
  stoc…                                                                                                            
  basic                                                                                                            
  Real…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  net                                                                                                              
  inco…                                   -23,8…       23,891       -14,3…       14,321         -439          439  
  attr…                                                                                                            
  to                                                                                                               
  comm…                                                                                                            
  stoc…                                                                                                            
  Net                                                                                                              
  inco…                                                                                                            
  attr…                                                                                                            
  to                                   $  1,081…    $  293,5…    $  418,6…    $  252,8…    $   5,011    $  16,739  
  comm…                                                                                                            
  stoc…                                                                                                            
  dilu…                                                                                                            
  Deno…                                                                                                            
  Weig…                                                                                                            
  shar…                                                                                                            
  used                                                                                                             
  in                                                                                                               
  comp…                                                                                                            
  net                                                                                                              
  inco…                                   238,2…       58,11…       183,0…       100,8…       58,54…       175,1…  
  per                                                                                                              
  share                                                                                                            
  attr…                                                                                                            
  to                                                                                                               
  comm…                                                                                                            
  stoc…                                                                                                            
  basic                                                                                                            
  Weig…                                                                                                            
  shar…                                                                                                            
  used                                                                                                             
  in                                                                                                               
  comp…                                                                                                            
  net                                                                                                              
  inco…                                   240,5…       65,29…       185,8…       112,2…       58,58…       195,7…  
  per                                                                                                              
  share                                                                                                            
  attr…                                                                                                            
  to                                                                                                               
  comm…                                                                                                            
  stoc…                                                                                                            
  dilu…                                                                                                            
  Net                                                                                                              
  inco…                                                                                                            
  per                                                                                                              
  share                                                                                                            
  attr…                                $    4.64    $    4.64    $    2.37    $    2.37    $    0.09    $    0.09  
  to                                                                                                               
  comm…                                                                                                            
  stoc…                                                                                                            
  basic                                                                                                            
  Net                                                                                                              
  inco…                                                                                                            
  per                                                                                                              
  share                                                                                                            
  attr…                                $    4.50    $    4.50    $    2.25    $    2.25    $    0.09    $    0.09  
  to                                                                                                               
  comm…                                                                                                            
  stoc…                                                                                                            
  dilu…                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
The potential shares of common stock that were excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share
attributable to common stockholders for the periods presented because including them would have been anti-dilutive
are as follows:
                                                                                                                   
                    Year Ended                                                                                     
                    January 31,        2022         2021                  2020                                     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                 Class A    Class B    Class A    Class B      Class A    Class B  
  Outstanding                                          —    —           51,444    —            141,782    —        
  stock options                                                                                                    
  Unvested RSUs                                1,015,860    —           98,941    —            606,971    —        
  Purchase                                                                                                         
  rights                                         241,107    —           14,951    —          1,180,664    —        
  committed                                                                                                        
  under the ESPP                                                                                                   
  Total                                        1,256,967    —          165,336    —          1,929,417    —        
                                                                                                                   
The table above does not include 405,156for both January 31, 2022 and 2021, and 500,000shares of issued Class A
common stock held by us as of January 31, 2020, that are reserved for the sole purpose of being transferred to
nonprofit organizations.
                                                                                                                   
  12. Subsequent Events                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
We have evaluated subsequent events from the balance sheet date through March 7, 2022, the date at which the
consolidated financial statements were available to be issued.

In February 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program of up to $ 1.0billion of our Class A
common stock, which expires in February 2024. Repurchases of our Class A common stock may be effected from time to
time, either on the open market (including pre-set trading plans), in privately negotiated transactions, and other
transactions in accordance with applicable securities laws.
                                                        92                                                         
Table of Contents
The timing and the amount of any repurchased Class A common stock will be determined by our management based on its
evaluation of market conditions and other factors, and the repurchase program will be funded using our working
capital. The program may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time.

As of March 6, 2022, $ 997.1million of the repurchase authorization remained available.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE                   │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
None.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES                                                                               │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
                                                                                                                   
   Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures                                                                
                                                                                                                   
Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has
evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on such
evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that as of such date,
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level.

Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of
the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control –
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
Management has concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 31, 2022 to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2022 has been audited by KPMG
LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included in Item 8 of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                                                                                                                   
   Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting                                                            
                                                                                                                   
There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(d) and
15d-15(d) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended January 31, 2022 that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our
disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all
fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute,
assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect
the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their
costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations
include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a
simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by
collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is
also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time,
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or
procedures may deteriorate. Due to inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to
error or fraud may occur and not be detected.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION                                                                                     │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
None.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS                                   │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
Not applicable.
                                                        93                                                         
Table of Contents
╔═ § ═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║                                                                                                                 ║
║                                                    PART III                                                     ║
║                                                                                                                 ║
╚═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE                                               │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
We maintain a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that incorporates our code of ethics applicable to all employees,
including all directors and executive officers. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is published on our
Investor Relations website at investors.zoom.us under “Corporate Governance.” We intend to satisfy the disclosure
requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendments to, or waiver from, a provision of our Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics by posting such information on the website address and location specified above.

The remaining information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for
our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after January 31,
2022.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION                                                                                │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2022
Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after January 31, 2022.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS        │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2022
Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after January 31, 2022.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE                             │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2022
Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after January 31, 2022.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES                                                                │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2022
Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after January 31, 2022.
╔═ § ═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╗
║                                                                                                                 ║
║                                                     PART IV                                                     ║
║                                                                                                                 ║
╚═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╝
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES                                                            │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
(a) The following documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:

(1) Consolidated Financial Statements:

Our Consolidated Financial Statements are listed in the “Index to Consolidated Financial Statements” under Part II,
Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

(2) Financial Statement Schedules:

Schedule II: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts is filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should be
read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto.

Schedules not listed above have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not
applicable or is shown in the financial statements or notes herein.

(3) Exhibits

The documents listed in the following Exhibit Index of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are incorporated by
reference or are filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in each case as indicated therein (numbered in
accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K).

Exhibits
                                                                                                                   
  Exhibit            Exhibit                  Incorpor…                                                            
  Number             Descript…                by                                                                   
                                              Reference                                                            
             Form                 File No.                 Exhibit                 Filing                          
                                                                                   Date                            
                     Amended                                                                                       
                     and                                                                                           
                     Restated                                                                                      
                     Certific…                                                                                     
  3.1                of                       8-K                     001-38865                  3.1    April 23,  
                     Incorpor…                                                                          2019       
                     of Zoom                                                                                       
                     Video                                                                                         
                     Communic…                                                                                     
                     Inc.                                                                                          
                     Amended                                                                                       
                     and                                                                                           
                     Restated                                                                                      
  3.2                Bylaws of                S-1/A                   333-2304…                  3.4    April 8,   
                     Zoom                                                                               2019       
                     Video                                                                                         
                     Communic…                                                                                     
                     Inc.                                                                                          
                     Form of                                                                                       
                     Class A                                                                            April 8,   
  4.1                Common                   S-1/A                   333-2304…                  4.1    2019       
                     Stock                                                                                         
                     Certific…                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                        94                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
            Third Amended and Restated Investors’ Rights                                                           
  4.2#      Agreement by and among the Registrant and          S-1      333-230444      4.2    March 22, 2019      
            certain of its stockholders, dated December 1,                                                         
            2016.                                                                                                  
  4.3       Description of Securities                                                                              
            Zoom Video Communications, Inc. Fourth Amended                                                         
  10.1#     and Restated 2011 Global Share Plan, and forms     S-1      333-230444     10.1    March 22, 2019      
            of agreements thereunder.                                                                              
            Zoom Video Communications, Inc. 2019 Equity                                                            
  10.2#     Incentive Plan and forms of agreements             S-1/A    333-230444     10.2    April 8. 2019       
            thereunder.                                                                                            
            Zoom Video Communications, Inc. 2019 Equity                                                            
  10.3      Incentive Plan Non-Employee Director Global        10-Q     001-38865      10.3    September 3, 2020   
            Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice, as                                                           
            amended                                                                                                
            Zoom Video Communications, Inc. 2019 Equity                                                            
  10.4      Incentive Plan Global Restricted Stock Unit        10-Q     001-38865      10.1    December 4, 2020    
            Award Grant Notice for Executive Officers, as                                                          
            amended                                                                                                
  10.5#     Zoom Video Communications, Inc. 2019 Employee      S-1/A    333-230444     10.3    April 8, 2019       
            Stock Purchase Plan.                                                                                   
            Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into                                                         
  10.6#     by and between the Registrant and each director    S-1      333-230444     10.4    March 22, 2019      
            and executive officer.                                                                                 
  10.7#     Zoom Video Communications, Inc. Non-Employee       10-Q     001-38865      10.1    August 31, 2021     
            Director Compensation Policy, as amended                                                               
  10.8#     Zoom Video Communications, Inc. 2019 Equity        10-Q     001-38865      10.2    September 13, 2019  
            Incentive Plan Global RSU Award Gant Notice                                                            
            Zoom Video Communications, Inc. 2019 Equity                                                            
  10.9#     Incentive Plan Non-Employee Director Global RSU    10-Q     001-38865      10.3    September 13, 2019  
            Award Grant Notice                                                                                     
            Confirmatory Offer Letter by and between the                                                           
  10.10#    Registrant and Eric S. Yuan, dated December 18,    S-1      333-230444     10.5    March 22, 2019      
            2018.                                                                                                  
            Confirmatory Offer Letter by and between the                                                           
  10.11#    Registrant and Aparna Bawa, dated December 18,     S-1      333-230444     10.6    March 22, 2019      
            2018.                                                                                                  
            Confirmatory Offer Letter by and between the                                                           
  10.12#    Registrant and Janine Pelosi, dated December       S-1      333-230444     10.7    March 22, 2019      
            18, 2018.                                                                                              
            Confirmatory Offer Letter by and between the                                                           
  10.13#    Registrant and Kelly Steckelberg, dated            S-1      333-230444     10.8    March 22, 2019      
            December 18, 2018.                                                                                     
  10.14#    Offer Letter by and between the Registrant and     10-Q     001-38865      10.4    September 13, 2019  
            Ryan Azus dated June 29, 2019.                                                                         
  10.15#    Offer Letter by and between the Registrant and     10-Q     001-38865      10.1    September 3, 2020   
            Velchamy Sankarlingam dated May 19, 2020                                                               
            Director Offer Letter by and between Zoom Video                                                        
  10.16#    Communications, Inc. and Lieut. General H.R.       10-Q     001-38865      10.2    September 3, 2020   
            McMaster dated May 6, 2020                                                                             
            Director Offer Letter by and between Zoom Video                                                        
  10.17#    Communications, Inc. and Janet Napolitano dated    10-K     001-38865     10.17    March 18, 2021      
            November 2, 2020                                                                                       
            Lease Agreement dated August 1, 2016, as                                                               
  10.18     amended, by and between the Registrant and         S-1      333-230444     10.9    March 22, 2019      
            KBSIII Almaden Financial Plaza, LLC.                                                                   
            Fourth Amendment to Lease Agreement by and                                                             
  10.19     between the Registrant and KBSIII Almaden          10-Q     001-38865      10.5    September 13, 2019  
            Financial Plaza, LLC.                                                                                  
            Fifth Amendment to Lease Agreement by and                                                              
  10.20     between Zoom Video Communications, Inc. and        10-Q     001-38865      10.1    June 5, 2020        
            KBSIII Almaden Financial Plaza, LLC dated March                                                        
            9, 2020.                                                                                               
  10.21#    Zoom Video Communications, Inc. Officer                                                                
            Incentive Plan, as amended                                                                             
            Common Stock Purchase Agreement by and among                                                           
  10.22     the Registrant, salesforce.com, inc. and           S-1/A    333-230444    10.11    April 8, 2019       
            Salesforce Ventures LLC, dated as of April 5,                                                          
            2019.                                                                                                  
  21.1      List of subsidiaries of the Registrant.                                                                
  23.1      Consent of KPMG LLP, independent registered                                                            
            public accounting firm.                                                                                
  24.1      Power of Attorney (reference is made to the                                                            
            signature page hereto).                                                                                
            Certification of Chief Executive Officer                                                               
  31.1      pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and                                                           
            15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302                                                          
            of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                        95                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  31.2       Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as   
             adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.                                    
  32.1†      Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section   
             1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.                           
  101.INS    XBRL Instance Document                                                                                
  101.SCH    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document                                                               
  101.CAL    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document                                                 
  101.DEF    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document                                                  
  101.LAB    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document                                                       
  101.PRE    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document                                                
  104        Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL)                                           
                                                                                                                   
# Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

† The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not deemed filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the
Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.
                                                                                                                   
   (b) Financial Statement Schedules                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
Schedule II: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
The table below details the activity of the accounts receivable allowances and deferred tax asset valuation
allowance for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020:
                                                                                                                   
                                       Balance at                                                                  
  Year ended January 31,        Beginning of Year                                 Write-offs or        Balance at  
  2022                             (in thousands)       Additions                    Deductions       End of Year  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Accounts receivable        $             36,844    $     50,467    $                  -62,615    $       24,696  
  allowances                                                                                                       
  Deferred tax asset         $            335,051    $      5,511    $                 -327,957    $       12,605  
  valuation allowance                                                                                              
  Year ended January 31,                                                                                           
  2021                                                                                                             
  Accounts receivable        $              7,634    $     47,405    $                  -18,195    $       36,844  
  allowances                                                                                                       
  Deferred tax asset         $             36,353    $    298,698    $                        —    $      335,051  
  valuation allowance                                                                                              
  Year ended January 31,                                                                                           
  2020                                                                                                             
  Accounts receivable        $              2,071    $      8,583    $                   -3,020    $        7,634  
  allowances                                                                                                       
  Deferred tax asset         $                877    $     35,476    $                        —    $       36,353  
  valuation allowance                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
All other financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is
not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is
included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this Form 10-K.
╭─ • ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                                                                                                                 │
│  Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY                                                                                     │
│                                                                                                                 │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
None.
                                                        96                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                                    SIGNATURES                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
                                                                                                   
                         ZOOM VIDEO COMMUNICATIONS, INC.                                           
  Date: March 7, 2022    By:                                /s/ Eric S. Yuan                       
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                            Eric S. Yuan                           
                                                            President and Chief Executive Officer  
                                                            -Principal Executive Officer           
  Date: March 7, 2022    By:                                /s/ Kelly Steckelberg                  
                                                            Kelly Steckelberg                      
                                                            Chief Financial Officer                
                                                            -Principal Financial Officer           
                                                                                                   
                                                        97                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
                                                 POWER OF ATTORNEY                                                 
                                                                                                                   
Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Eric S. Yuan, Kelly Steckelberg, and Aparna
Bawa, and each one of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of
substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in their name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to
sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and
other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-
in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing
requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might
or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them,
or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been
signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
                                                                                                                   
                                  Title                                                                            
  Signature                       President, Chief Executive Officer and Director(Principal         Date           
  /s/ Eric S. Yuan                Executive Officer)                                                March 7, 2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Eric S. Yuan                                                                                                     
  /s/ Kelly Steckelberg           Chief Financial Officer(Principal Financial Officer)              March 7, 2022  
  Kelly Steckelberg                                                                                                
  /s/ Shane Crehan                Chief Accounting Officer(Principal Accounting Officer)            March 7, 2022  
  Shane Crehan                                                                                                     
  /s/ Jonathan Chadwick           Director                                                          March 7, 2022  
  Jonathan Chadwick                                                                                                
  /s/ Carl M. Eschenbach          Director                                                          March 7, 2022  
  Carl M. Eschenbach                                                                                               
  /s/ Peter Gassner               Director                                                          March 7, 2022  
  Peter Gassner                                                                                                    
  /s/ Kimberly L. Hammonds        Director                                                          March 7, 2022  
  Kimberly L. Hammonds                                                                                             
  /s/ William R. McDermott        Director                                                          March 7, 2022  
  William R. McDermott                                                                                             
  /s/ Herbert Raymond McMaster    Director                                                          March 7, 2022  
  Herbert Raymond McMaster                                                                                         
  /s/ Janet Napolitano            Director                                                          March 7, 2022  
  Janet Napolitano                                                                                                 
  /s/ Dan Scheinman               Director                                                          March 7, 2022  
  Dan Scheinman                                                                                                    
  /s/ Santiago Subotovsky         Director                                                          March 7, 2022  
  Santiago Subotovsky                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
                                                        98                                                         
