                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              Washington, D.C. 20549                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 10-Q                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                
  ☑    Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                   for the quarterly period ended April 2, 2023                                    
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                        or                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                 
  ☐    Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
       for the transition period from            to                                              
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                           Commission file number 1-3215                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                 Johnson & Johnson                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                               
                                                         
  New Jersey                         22-1024240          
  (State or other jurisdiction of    -I.R.S. Employer    
  incorporation or organization)     Identification No.  
                                                         
                                            One Johnson & Johnson Plaza                                            
                                                                                                                   
                                          New Brunswick, New Jersey 08933                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                     (Address of principal executive offices)                                      
                                                                                                                   
                        Registrant’s telephone number, including area code ( 732) 524-0400                         
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. ☑ Yes ☐ No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to
be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files). ☑ Yes ☐ No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated
filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.
                                                                  
  Large accelerated filer    ☑    Accelerated filer            ☐  
  Non-accelerated filer      ☐    Smaller reporting company    ☐  
  Emerging growth company    ☐                                    
                                                                  
If an emerging growth company, indicated by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). ☐
Yes ☑ No
                            SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT                             
                                                                                                 
  Title of each class               Trading Symbol    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common Stock, Par Value $1.00     JNJ               New York Stock Exchange                    
  0.650% Notes Due May 2024         JNJ24C            New York Stock Exchange                    
  5.50% Notes Due November 2024     JNJ24BP           New York Stock Exchange                    
  1.150% Notes Due November 2028    JNJ28             New York Stock Exchange                    
  1.650% Notes Due May 2035         JNJ35             New York Stock Exchange                    
                                                                                                 
Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer’s classes of common stock, as of the latest
practicable date.

On April 21, 2023, 2,598,734,075shares of Common Stock, $1.00 par value, were outstanding.
                                                                                                                   
                                        JOHNSON & JOHNSON AND SUBSIDIARIES                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                 TABLE OF CONTENTS                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                              
                                                        Page  
                                                         No.  
  Part I — Financial Information                           1  
  Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited)                 1  
  Consolidated Balance Sheets — April 2, 2023 and          1  
  January 1, 2023                                             
  Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the Fiscal          
  First Quarters Ended April 2, 2023 and April 3,          2  
  2022                                                        
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income             
  for the Fiscal First Quarters Ended April 2, 2023        3  
  and April 3, 2022                                           
  Consolidated Statements of Equity for the Fiscal            
  First Quarters Ended April 2, 2023 and April 3,          4  
  2022                                                        
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the               
  Fiscal Three Months Ended April 2, 2023 and April        5  
  3, 2022                                                     
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements               6  
  Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of         38  
  Financial Condition and Results of Operations               
  Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures        49  
  About Market Risk                                           
  Item 4. Controls and Procedures                         49  
  Part II — Other Information                             50  
  Item 1 - Legal Proceedings                              50  
  Item 2 - Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities        50  
  and Use of Proceeds                                         
  Item 6 - Exhibits                                       51  
  Signatures                                              52  
                                                              
                                                                                                                   
                               CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS                                
                                                                                                                   
This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Johnson & Johnson ’ s other publicly available documents contain “ forward-
looking statements ” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Management and representatives of Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiaries (the
Company) also may from time to time make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements do not relate
strictly to historical or current facts and reflect management’s assumptions, views, plans, objectives and
projections about the future. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as “plans,”
“expects,” “will,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” and other words of similar meaning in conjunction with, among other
things: discussions of future operations, expected operating results, financial performance; impact of planned
acquisitions and dispositions; impact and timing of restructuring initiatives including associated cost savings and
other benefits; the Company’s strategy for growth; product development activities; regulatory approvals; market
position and expenditures.

Because forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding future
events, they are subject to uncertainties, risks and changes that are difficult to predict and many of which are
outside of the Company’s control. Investors should realize that if underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, or
known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, the Company’s actual results and financial condition could
vary materially from expectations and projections expressed or implied in its forward-looking statements. Investors
are therefore cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include, but are
not limited to:

Risks Related to Product Development, Market Success and Competition

• Challenges and uncertainties inherent in innovation and development of new and improved products and technologies
on which the Company’s continued growth and success depend, including uncertainty of clinical outcomes, additional
analysis of existing clinical data, obtaining regulatory approvals, health plan coverage and customer access, and
initial and continued commercial success;

• Challenges to the Company’s ability to obtain and protect adequate patent and other intellectual property rights
for new and existing products and technologies in the United States and other important markets;

• The impact of patent expirations, typically followed by the introduction of competing generic, biosimilar or
other products and resulting revenue and market share losses;

• Increasingly aggressive and frequent challenges to the Company’s patents by competitors and others seeking to
launch competing generic, biosimilar or other products and increased receptivity of courts, the United States
Patent and Trademark Office and other decision makers to such challenges, potentially resulting in loss of market
exclusivity and rapid decline in sales for the relevant product sooner than expected;

• Competition in research and development of new and improved products, processes and technologies, which can
result in product and process obsolescence;

• Competition to reach agreement with third parties for collaboration, licensing, development and marketing
agreements for products and technologies;

• Competition based on cost-effectiveness, product performance, technological advances and patents attained by
competitors; and

• Allegations that the Company’s products infringe the patents and other intellectual property rights of third
parties, which could adversely affect the Company’s ability to sell the products in question and require the
payment of money damages and future royalties.

Risks Related to Product Liability, Litigation and Regulatory Activity

• Product efficacy or safety concerns, whether or not based on scientific evidence, potentially resulting in
product withdrawals, recalls, regulatory action on the part of the United States Food and Drug Administration (or
international counterparts), declining sales, reputational damage, increased litigation expense and share price
impact;

• The impact, including declining sales and reputational damage, of significant litigation or government action
adverse to the Company, including product liability claims and allegations related to pharmaceutical marketing
practices and contracting strategies;

• The impact of an adverse judgment or settlement and the adequacy of reserves related to legal proceedings,
including patent litigation, product liability, personal injury claims, securities class actions, government
investigations, employment and other legal proceedings;

• Increased scrutiny of the healthcare industry by government agencies and state attorneys general resulting in
investigations and prosecutions, which carry the risk of significant civil and criminal penalties, including, but
not limited to, debarment from government business;

• Failure to meet compliance obligations in compliance agreements with governments or government agencies, which
could result in significant sanctions;

• Potential changes to applicable laws and regulations affecting United States and international operations,
including relating to: approval of new products; licensing and patent rights; sales and promotion of healthcare
products; access to, and reimbursement and pricing for, healthcare products and services; environmental protection;
and sourcing of raw materials;

• Compliance with local regulations and laws that may restrict the Company’s ability to manufacture or sell its
products in relevant markets, including requirements to comply with medical device reporting regulations and other
requirements such as the European Union’s Medical Devices Regulation;

• Changes in domestic and international tax laws and regulations, increasing audit scrutiny by tax authorities
around the world and exposures to additional tax liabilities potentially in excess of existing reserves; and

• The issuance of new or revised accounting standards by the Financial Accounting Standards Board and regulations
by the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Risks Related to the Company’s Strategic Initiatives, Healthcare Market Trends and the Planned Separation of the
Company’s Consumer Health Business

• Pricing pressures resulting from trends toward healthcare cost containment, including the continued consolidation
among healthcare providers and other market participants, trends toward managed care, the shift toward governments
increasingly becoming the primary payers of healthcare expenses, significant new entrants to the healthcare markets
seeking to reduce costs and government pressure on companies to voluntarily reduce costs and price increases;

• Restricted spending patterns of individual, institutional and governmental purchasers of healthcare products and
services due to economic hardship and budgetary constraints;

• Challenges to the Company’s ability to realize its strategy for growth including through externally sourced
innovations, such as development collaborations, strategic acquisitions, licensing and marketing agreements, and
the potential heightened costs of any such external arrangements due to competitive pressures;

• The potential that the expected strategic benefits and opportunities from any planned or completed acquisition or
divestiture by the Company may not be realized or may take longer to realize than expected;

• The potential that the expected benefits and opportunities related to past and ongoing restructuring actions may
not be realized or may take longer to realize than expected;

• The Company’s ability to consummate the planned separation of the Company’s Consumer Health business on a timely
basis or at all;

• The Company’s ability to successfully separate the Company’s Consumer Health business and realize the anticipated
benefits from the planned separation; and

• The New Consumer Health Company’s ability to succeed as a standalone publicly traded company.

Risks Related to Economic Conditions, Financial Markets and Operating Internationally

• The risks associated with global operations on the Company and its customers and suppliers, including foreign
governments in countries in which the Company operates;

• The impact of inflation and fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange rates and the potential effect
of such fluctuations on revenues, expenses and resulting margins;

• Potential changes in export/import and trade laws, regulations and policies of the United States and other
countries, including any increased trade restrictions or tariffs and potential drug reimportation legislation;

• The impact on international operations from financial instability in international economies, sovereign risk,
possible imposition of governmental controls and restrictive economic policies, and unstable international
governments and legal systems;

• The impact of global public health crises and pandemics;

• Changes to global climate, extreme weather and natural disasters that could affect demand for the Company’s
products and services, cause disruptions in manufacturing and distribution networks, alter the availability of
goods and services within the supply chain, and affect the overall design and integrity of the Company’s products
and operations; and

• The impact of armed conflicts and terrorist attacks in the United States and other parts of the world, including
social and economic disruptions and instability of financial and other markets.
                                                                                                                   
  Risks Related to Supply Chain and Operations                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
• Difficulties and delays in manufacturing, internally, through third-party providers or otherwise within the
supply chain, that may lead to voluntary or involuntary business interruptions or shutdowns, product shortages,
withdrawals or suspensions of products from the market, and potential regulatory action;

• Interruptions and breaches of the Company’s information technology systems or those of the Company’s vendors,
which could result in reputational, competitive, operational or other business harm as well as financial costs and
regulatory action;

• Reliance on global supply chains and production and distribution processes that are complex and subject to
increasing regulatory requirements that may adversely affect supply, sourcing and pricing of materials used in the
Company’s products; and

• The potential that the expected benefits and opportunities related to restructuring actions contemplated for the
global supply chain may not be realized or may take longer to realize than expected, including due to any required
approvals from applicable regulatory authorities.

Investors also should carefully read the Risk Factors described in Item 1A of the Company's Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2023, for a description of certain risks that could, among other things,
cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from those expressed in its forward-looking statements.
Investors should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and should not consider
the risks described above to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. The Company does not
undertake to publicly update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time, whether as a result
of new information or future events or developments.

Table of Content

Part I — FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Item 1 — FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        JOHNSON & JOHNSON AND SUBSIDIARIES                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                            CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS                                            
                                                                                                                   
                         (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Data)                          
                                                                                   
                                                 April 2, 2023    January 1, 2023  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  ASSETS                                                                           
  Current assets:                                                                  
  Cash and cash equivalents (Note 4)          $         19,170             14,127  
  Restricted cash (Note 4)                               7,695                  —  
  Marketable securities                                  5,443              9,392  
  Accounts receivable, trade, less                      16,350             16,160  
  allowances $207(2022, $203)                                                      
  Inventories (Note 2)                                  12,809             12,483  
  Prepaid expenses and other                             2,921              3,132  
  Total current assets                                  64,388             55,294  
  Property, plant and equipment at cost                 50,367             49,253  
  Less: accumulated depreciation                       -30,193            -29,450  
  Property, plant and equipment, net                    20,174             19,803  
  Intangible assets, net (Note 3)                       47,448             48,325  
  Goodwill (Note 3)                                     45,575             45,231  
  Deferred taxes on income (Note 5)                      8,817              9,123  
  Other assets                                           9,567              9,602  
  Total assets                                $        195,969            187,378  
  LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY                                             
  Current liabilities:                                                             
  Loans and notes payable                     $         17,979             12,771  
  Accounts payable                                       9,909             11,703  
  Accrued liabilities                                   11,204             11,456  
  Accrued rebates, returns and promotions               14,784             14,417  
  Accrued compensation and employee                      2,231              3,328  
  related obligations                                                              
  Accrued taxes on income (Note 5)                       4,266              2,127  
  Total current liabilities                             60,373             55,802  
  Long-term debt (Note 4)                               34,928             26,888  
  Deferred taxes on income (Note 5)                      4,417              6,374  
  Employee related obligations (Note 6)                  6,665              6,767  
  Long-term taxes payable (Note 5)                       4,296              4,306  
  Other liabilities                                     14,421             10,437  
  Total liabilities                           $        125,100            110,574  
  Commitments and Contingencies (Note 11)                                          
  Shareholders’ equity:                                                            
  Common stock — par value $1.00per share                                          
  (authorized4,320,000,000shares;             $          3,120              3,120  
  issued3,119,843,000shares)                                                       
  Accumulated other comprehensive income               -12,626            -12,967  
  (loss) (Note 7)                                                                  
  Retained earnings and Additional paid-in             124,558            128,345  
  capital                                                                          
  Less:                                                                            
  common stock held in treasury, at cost                44,183             41,694  
  (521,519,000and506,246,000shares)                                                
  Total shareholders’ equity                            70,869             76,804  
  Total liabilities and shareholders’         $        195,969            187,378  
  equity                                                                           
                                                                                   
                                  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                         1                                                         
Table of Content
                                        JOHNSON & JOHNSON AND SUBSIDIARIES                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS                                        
                                                                                                                   
                        (Unaudited; Dollars & Shares in Millions Except Per Share Amounts)                         
                                                                                                                   
                                          Fiscal First Quarter Ended                                               
                                                            April 2,     Percent          April 3,     Percent     
                                                                2023    to Sales              2022    to Sales     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Sales to customers (Note 9)          $                      24,746       100.0  %    $    23,426       100.0  %  
  Cost of products sold                                        8,395        33.9             7,598        32.4     
  Gross profit                                                16,351        66.1            15,828        67.6     
  Selling, marketing and                                                                                           
  administrative                                               6,138        24.8             5,938        25.4     
  expenses                                                                                                         
  Research and development expense                             3,563        14.4             3,462        14.8     
  In-process research and                                         49         0.2               610         2.6     
  development                                                                                                      
  Interest income                                               -235        -1.0               -22        -0.1     
  Interest expense, net of portion                               215         0.9                10         0.0     
  capitalized                                                                                                      
  Other (income) expense, net                                  7,228        29.2              -102        -0.4     
  Restructuring                                                  130         0.6                70         0.3     
  Earnings/(Loss) before provision                                                                                 
  for                                                           -737        -3.0             5,862        25.0     
  taxes on income                                                                                                  
  Provision for/(Benefit from)                                                                                     
  taxes on                                                      -669        -2.7               713         3.0     
  income (Note 5)                                                                                                  
  NET EARNINGS/(LOSS)                  $                         -68        -0.3  %    $     5,149        22.0  %  
  NET EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE                                                                                    
  (Note 8)                                                                                                         
  Basic                                $                       -0.03                   $      1.96                 
  Diluted                              $                       -0.03                   $      1.93                 
  AVG. SHARES OUTSTANDING                                                                                          
  Basic                                                      2,605.5                       2,629.2                 
  Diluted                                                    2,605.5                       2,666.5                 
                                                                                                                   
                                  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                         2                                                         
Table of Content
                                        JOHNSON & JOHNSON AND SUBSIDIARIES                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                         (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions)                                          
                                                                                            
                                               Fiscal First Quarter Ended                   
                                                            April 2, 2023    April 3, 2022  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net earnings/(loss)                       $                         -68            5,149  
  Other comprehensive income (loss), net                                                    
  of tax                                                                                    
  Foreign currency translation                                       -181             -554  
  Securities:                                                                               
  Unrealized holding gain (loss) arising                               17              -13  
  during period                                                                             
  Reclassifications to earnings                                         —                —  
  Net change                                                           17              -13  
  Employee benefit plans:                                                                   
  Prior service cost amortization during                              -35              -53  
  period                                                                                    
  Gain (loss) amortization during period                              -33              217  
  Net change                                                          -68              164  
  Derivatives & hedges:                                                                     
  Unrealized gain (loss) arising during                               570             -195  
  period                                                                                    
  Reclassifications to earnings                                         3             -101  
  Net change                                                          573             -296  
  Other comprehensive income (loss)                                   341             -699  
  Comprehensive income                      $                         273            4,450  
                                                                                            
                                  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                   
                                                      
  The tax effects in other comprehensive              
  income/(loss) for the fiscal first quarter were as  
  follows for 2023 and 2022, respectively:            
  Foreign Currency Translation: $234million and       
  $145million; Securities: $5million and $3million;   
  Employee Benefit Plans: $22million and $19million;  
  Derivatives & Hedges: $154million and $78million.   
                                                      
                                                         3                                                         
Table of Content
                                        JOHNSON & JOHNSON AND SUBSIDIARIES                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                         (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions)                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                     Fiscal First Quarter Ended April 2, 2023                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                         Accumulated                               
                                                           Retained            Other                     Treasury  
                                            Earnings and Additional    Comprehensive     Common Stock       Stock  
                                  Total             paid-in capital           Income    Issued Amount      Amount  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance, January 1, 2023    $  76,804                     128,345          -12,967            3,120     -41,694  
  Net earnings/(loss)               -68                         -68                —                —           —  
  Cash dividends paid            -2,942                      -2,942                —                —           —  
  ($1.13per share)                                                                                                 
  Employee compensation                                                                                            
  and stock option                  295                        -777                —                —       1,072  
  plans                                                                                                            
  Repurchase of common           -3,537                           —                —                —      -3,537  
  stock                                                                                                            
  Other                             -24                           —                —                —         -24  
  Other comprehensive                                                                                              
  income (loss), net                341                           —              341                —           —  
  of tax                                                                                                           
  Balance, April 2, 2023      $  70,869                     124,558          -12,626            3,120     -44,183  
                                                                                                                   
                                     Fiscal First Quarter Ended April 3, 2022                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                         Accumulated                               
                                                           Retained            Other                     Treasury  
                                            Earnings and Additional    Comprehensive     Common Stock       Stock  
                                  Total             paid-in capital           Income    Issued Amount      Amount  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance, January 2, 2022    $  74,023                     123,060          -13,058            3,120     -39,099  
  Net earnings                    5,149                       5,149                —                —           —  
  Cash dividends paid            -2,787                      -2,787                —                —           —  
  ($1.06per share)                                                                                                 
  Employee compensation                                                                                            
  and stock option                  600                      -1,042                —                —       1,642  
  plans                                                                                                            
  Repurchase of common           -1,577                           —                —                —      -1,577  
  stock                                                                                                            
  Other comprehensive                                                                                              
  income (loss), net               -699                           —             -699                —           —  
  of tax                                                                                                           
  Balance, April 3, 2022      $  74,709                     124,380          -13,757            3,120     -39,034  
                                                                                                                   
                                  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                         4                                                         
Table of Content
                                        JOHNSON & JOHNSON AND SUBSIDIARIES                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                         (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions)                                          
                                                                                        
                                                 Fiscal Three Months Ended              
                                                                  April 2,    April 3,  
                                                                      2023        2022  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                                  
  Net (loss)/earnings                         $                        -68       5,149  
  Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to                                              
  cash flows from operating activities:                                                 
  Depreciation and amortization of                                   1,880       1,769  
  property and intangibles                                                              
  Stock based compensation                                             306         278  
  Asset write-downs                                                    426         610  
  Net gain on sale of assets/businesses                                 -8        -168  
  Deferred tax provision                                            -1,543        -926  
  Credit losses and accounts receivable                                  1           6  
  allowances                                                                            
  Changes in assets and liabilities, net                                                
  of effects from acquisitions and                                                      
  divestitures:                                                                         
                                                                                        
  Increase in accounts receivable                                      -54        -427  
  Increase in inventories                                             -524        -600  
  Decrease in accounts payable and accrued                          -2,572      -2,817  
  liabilities                                                                           
  (Increase)/Decrease in other current and                            -915         995  
  non-current assets                                                                    
  Increase in other current and                                      6,328         110  
  non-current liabilities                                                               
  NET CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                           3,257       3,979  
  CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                                  
  Additions to property, plant and                                    -863        -607  
  equipment                                                                             
  Proceeds from the disposal of                                         40         248  
  assets/businesses, net (Note 10)                                                      
  Acquisitions, net of cash acquired (Note                               —        -252  
  10)                                                                                   
  Purchases of investments                                          -3,774      -9,018  
  Sales of investments                                               7,766       6,303  
  Credit support agreements activity, net                              158        -249  
  Other (primarily licenses and                                        -12         -59  
  milestones)                                                                           
  NET CASH FROM/(USED BY) INVESTING                                  3,315      -3,634  
  ACTIVITIES                                                                            
  CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                                  
  Dividends to shareholders                                         -2,942      -2,787  
  Repurchase of common stock                                        -3,537      -1,577  
  Proceeds from short-term debt                                     11,094       3,019  
  Repayment of short-term debt                                      -5,388        -856  
  Proceeds from long-term debt, net of                               7,674           —  
  issuance costs (Note 4)                                                               
  Repayment of long-term debt                                         -500      -2,132  
  Proceeds from the exercise of stock                                                   
  options/employee withholding tax on                                  -11         321  
  stock awards, net                                                                     
  Credit support agreements activity, net                              -13        -235  
  Other                                                               -239        -138  
  NET CASH FROM/(USED BY) FINANCING                                  6,138      -4,385  
  ACTIVITIES                                                                            
  Effect of exchange rate changes on cash                               28          16  
  and cash equivalents                                                                  
  Increase/(Decrease) in cash, cash                                 12,738      -4,024  
  equivalents and restricted cash                                                       
  Cash and Cash equivalents beginning of                            14,127      14,487  
  period                                                                                
  CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED       $                     26,865      10,463  
  CASH, END OF PERIOD                                                                   
  Acquisitions                                                                          
  Fair value of assets acquired               $                          —         255  
  Fair value of liabilities assumed                                      —          -3  
  Net cash paid for acquisitions              $                          —         252  
                                                                                        
                                  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                         5                                                         
Table of Content

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1 — The accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements and related notes should be read in
conjunction with the audited Consolidated Financial Statements of Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiaries (the
Company) and related notes as contained in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
January 1, 2023. The unaudited interim financial statements include all adjustments (consisting only of normal
recurring adjustments) and accruals necessary in the judgment of management for a fair statement of the results for
the periods presented.

Columns and rows within tables may not add due to rounding. Percentages have been calculated using actual, non-
rounded figures.
New Accounting Standards
The Company assesses the adoption impacts of recently issued accounting standards by the Financial Accounting
Standards Board on the Company's financial statements as well as material updates to previous assessments, if any,
from the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2023.
Recently Adopted Accounting Standards
ASU 2022-04: Liabilities-Supplier Finance Programs (Topic 405-50)– Disclosure of Supplier Finance Program
Obligations
The Company adopted the standard as of the beginning of fiscal year 2023, which requires that a buyer in a supplier
finance program disclose additional information about the program for financial statement users.
The Company has agreements for supplier finance programs with third-party financial institutions. These programs
provide participating suppliers the ability to finance payment obligations from the Company with the third-party
financial institutions. The Company is not a party to the arrangements between the suppliers and the third-party
financial institutions. The Company’s obligations to its suppliers, including amounts due, and scheduled payment
dates (which have general payment terms of 90 days), are not affected by a participating supplier’s decision to
participate in the program.
As of April 2, 2023, and January 1, 2023, $ 0.9billion and $ 1.0billion, respectively, were valid obligations under
the program. The obligations are presented as Accounts payable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Recently Issued Accounting Standards
Not Adopted as of April 2, 2023
There were no new material accounting standards issued in fiscal first quarter of 2023.
Reclassification
Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation.
NOTE 2 — INVENTORIES
                                                                     
  (Dollars in Millions)            April 2, 2023    January 1, 2023  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Raw materials and supplies    $          2,267              2,070  
  Goods in process                         1,866              1,700  
  Finished goods                           8,676              8,713  
  Total inventories             $         12,809             12,483  
                                                                     
                                                         6                                                         
Table of Content

NOTE 3 — INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL

Intangible assets that have finite useful lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. The latest annual
impairment assessment of goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets was completed in the fiscal fourth quarter
of 2022. Future impairment tests for goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets will be performed annually in
the fiscal fourth quarter, or sooner, if warranted.
                                                                                   
  (Dollars in Millions)                          April 2, 2023    January 1, 2023  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Intangible assets with definite lives:                                           
  Patents and trademarks — gross              $         44,636             44,012  
  Less accumulated amortization                        -23,512            -22,266  
  Patents and trademarks — net                          21,124             21,746  
  Customer relationships and other                      23,008             22,987  
  intangibles — gross                                                              
  Less accumulated amortization                        -13,211            -12,901  
  Customer relationships and other                       9,797             10,086  
  intangibles — net(1)                                                             
  Intangible assets with indefinite lives:                                         
  Trademarks                                             6,843              6,807  
  Purchased in-process research and                      9,684              9,686  
  development                                                                      
  Total intangible assets with indefinite               16,527             16,493  
  lives                                                                            
  Total intangible assets — net               $         47,448             48,325  
                                                                                   
(1) The majority is comprised of customer relationships
Goodwill as of April 2, 2023 was allocated by segment of business as follows:
                                                                                                       
  (Dollars in Millions)                   Consumer Health    Pharmaceutical    MedTech          Total  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Goodwill at January 1, 2023          $            9,184            10,184     25,863         45,231  
  Goodwill, related to acquisitions                     —                 —          —              —  
  Currency translation/Other                           49               124        171    *       344  
  Goodwill at April 2, 2023            $            9,233            10,308     26,034         45,575  
                                                                                                       
*Includes purchase price allocation adjustment for Abiomed

The weighted average amortization period for patents and trademarks is 12years. The weighted average amortization
period for customer relationships and other intangible assets is 21years. The amortization expense of amortizable
intangible assets included in cost of products sold was $ 1.2billion and $ 1.1billion for the fiscal first quarters
ended April 2, 2023 and April 3, 2022, respectively. Intangible asset write-downs are included in Other (income)
expense, net.
The estimated amortization expense for approved products, before tax, for the five succeeding years is
approximately:
                                                             
  (Dollars in Millions)                                      
  2023                      2024     2025     2026     2027  
  $4,800                   4,600    3,800    3,200    2,600  
                                                             
See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details related to acquisitions and
divestitures.
                                                         7                                                         
Table of Content

NOTE 4 — FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

The Company uses forward foreign exchange contracts to manage its exposure to the variability of cash flows,
primarily related to the foreign exchange rate changes of future intercompany product and third-party purchases of
materials denominated in a foreign currency. The Company uses cross currency interest rate swaps to manage currency
risk primarily related to borrowings. Both types of derivatives are designated as cash flow hedges.

Additionally, the Company uses interest rate swaps as an instrument to manage interest rate risk related to fixed
rate borrowings. These derivatives are designated as fair value hedges. The Company uses cross currency interest
rate swaps and forward foreign exchange contracts designated as net investment hedges. Additionally, the Company
uses forward foreign exchange contracts to offset its exposure to certain foreign currency assets and liabilities.
These forward foreign exchange contracts are not designated as hedges, and therefore, changes in the fair values of
these derivatives are recognized in earnings, thereby offsetting the current earnings effect of the related foreign
currency assets and liabilities.

The Company does not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes, or that
contain credit risk related contingent features. The Company maintains credit support agreements (CSA) with certain
derivative counterparties establishing collateral thresholds based on respective credit ratings and netting
agreements. As of April 2, 2023, the cumulative amount of cash collateral paid by the Company under the CSA
amounted to $ 0.7billion net, related to net investment and cash flow hedges. On an ongoing basis, the Company
monitors counter-party credit ratings. The Company considers credit non-performance risk to be low, because the
Company primarily enters into agreements with commercial institutions that have at least an investment grade credit
rating. Refer to the table on significant financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value contained in this
footnote for receivables and payables with these commercial institutions. As of April 2, 2023, the Company had
notional amounts outstanding for forward foreign exchange contracts, cross currency interest rate swaps and
interest rate swaps of $ 44.3billion, $ 36.5billion and $ 10.0billion, respectively. As of January 1, 2023, the
Company had notional amounts outstanding for forward foreign exchange contracts, cross currency interest rate swaps
and interest rate swaps of $ 43.3billion, $ 36.2billion and $ 12.4billion respectively.

All derivative instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. Changes in the fair value of
derivatives are recorded each period in current earnings or other comprehensive income, depending on whether the
derivative is designated as part of a hedge transaction, and if so, the type of hedge transaction.

The designation as a cash flow hedge is made at the entrance date of the derivative contract. At inception, all
derivatives are expected to be highly effective. Foreign exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges are
accounted for under the forward method and all gains/losses associated with these contracts will be recognized in
the income statement when the hedged item impacts earnings. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are
recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income until the underlying transaction affects earnings and are then
reclassified to earnings in the same account as the hedged transaction.

Gains and losses associated with interest rate swaps and changes in fair value of hedged debt attributable to
changes in interest rates are recorded to interest expense in the period in which they occur. Gains and losses on
net investment hedges are accounted for through the currency translation account within accumulated other
comprehensive income. The portion excluded from effectiveness testing is recorded through interest (income) expense
using the spot method. On an ongoing basis, the Company assesses whether each derivative continues to be highly
effective in offsetting changes of hedged items. If and when a derivative is no longer expected to be highly
effective, hedge accounting is discontinued.

The Company designated its Euro denominated notes issued in May 2016 with due dates ranging from 2022 to 2035 as a
net investment hedge of the Company's investments in certain of its international subsidiaries that use the Euro as
their functional currency in order to reduce the volatility caused by changes in exchange rates.

As of April 2, 2023, the balance of deferred net gain on derivatives included in accumulated other comprehensive
income was $ 343million after-tax. For additional information, see the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income and Note 7. The Company expects that substantially all of the amounts related to forward foreign exchange
contracts will be reclassified into earnings over the next 12 months as a result of transactions that are expected
to occur over that period. The maximum length of time over which the Company is hedging transaction exposure is 18
months, excluding interest rate contracts and net investment hedge contracts. The amount ultimately realized in
earnings may differ as foreign exchange rates change. Realized gains and losses are ultimately determined by actual
exchange rates at maturity of the derivative.

The following table is a summary of the activity related to derivatives and hedges for the fiscal first quarters
ended in 2023 and 2022, net of tax:
                                                         8                                                         
Table of Content
                                                                                                                   
               April                                              April                                            
                  2,                                                 3,                                            
                2023                                               2022                                            
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (Dol…                   Cost              Inter…      Other              Cost of              Intere…     Other  
  in           Sales        of       R&D    (Inco…    (Incom…     Sales    Produc…       R&D    (Incom…    (Inco…  
  Mill…                 Produ…    Expen…    Expen…    Expense                 Sold    Expen…    Expense    Expen…  
                          Sold                                                                                     
  The                                                                                                              
  effe…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  fair                                                                                                             
  valu…                                                                                                            
  net                                                                                                              
  inve…                                                                                                            
  and                                                                                                              
  cash                                                                                                             
  flow                                                                                                             
  hedg…                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
  Gain                                                                                                             
  (Los…                                                                                                            
  on                                                                                                               
  fair                                                                                                             
  value                                                                                                            
  hedg…                                                                                                            
  rela…                                                                                                            
  Inte…                                                                                                            
  rate                                                                                                             
  swaps                                                                                                            
  cont…                                                                                                            
  Hedg…    $       —         —         —      -929          —         —          —         —       -531         —  
  items                                                                                                            
  Deri…                                                                                                            
  desi…                                                                                                            
  as               —         —         —       929          —         —          —         —        531         —  
  hedg…                                                                                                            
  inst…                                                                                                            
  Gain                                                                                                             
  (Los…                                                                                                            
  on                                                                                                               
  net                                                                                                              
  inve…                                                                                                            
  hedg…                                                                                                            
  rela…                                                                                                            
  Cross                                                                                                            
  curr…                                                                                                            
  inte…                                                                                                            
  rate                                                                                                             
  swaps                                                                                                            
  cont…                                                                                                            
  Amou…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or                                                                                                               
  (los…                                                                                                            
  reco…                                                                                                            
  in                                                                                                               
  inco…            —         —         —        34          —         —          —         —         45         —  
  on                                                                                                               
  deri…                                                                                                            
  amou…                                                                                                            
  excl…                                                                                                            
  from                                                                                                             
  effe…                                                                                                            
  test…                                                                                                            
  Amou…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or               —         —         —        34          —         —          —         —         45         —  
  (los…                                                                                                            
  reco…                                                                                                            
  in                                                                                                               
  AOCI                                                                                                             
  Gain                                                                                                             
  (Los…                                                                                                            
  on                                                                                                               
  cash                                                                                                             
  flow                                                                                                             
  hedg…                                                                                                            
  rela…                                                                                                            
  Forw…                                                                                                            
  fore…                                                                                                            
  exch…                                                                                                            
  cont…                                                                                                            
  Amou…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or                                                                                                               
  (los…           12      -146       -13         —          2       -17        -52        23          —       -18  
  recl…                                                                                                            
  from                                                                                                             
  AOCI                                                                                                             
  into                                                                                                             
  inco…                                                                                                            
  Amou…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or              24       145       -36         —        -14        22        -94        33          —       -73  
  (los…                                                                                                            
  reco…                                                                                                            
  in                                                                                                               
  AOCI                                                                                                             
  Cross                                                                                                            
  curr…                                                                                                            
  inte…                                                                                                            
  rate                                                                                                             
  swaps                                                                                                            
  cont…                                                                                                            
  Amou…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or                                                                                                               
  (los…            —         —         —       108          —         —          —         —        120         —  
  recl…                                                                                                            
  from                                                                                                             
  AOCI                                                                                                             
  into                                                                                                             
  inco…                                                                                                            
  Amou…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or       $       —         —         —       417          —         —          —         —       -128         —  
  (los…                                                                                                            
  reco…                                                                                                            
  in                                                                                                               
  AOCI                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                         9                                                         
Table of Content
As of April 2, 2023, and January 1, 2023, the following amounts were recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet
related to cumulative basis adjustment for fair value hedges
                                                                                                                   
  Line item in the                                                        Cumulative Amount of                     
  Consolidated Balance                                                      Fair Value Hedging                     
  Sheet in which the                                                              Gain/ (Loss)                     
  hedged item is                                                               Included in the                     
  included                      Carrying Amount of                          Carrying Amount of                     
  (Dollars in                 the Hedged Liability                        the Hedged Liability                     
  Millions)                          April 2, 2023    January 1, 2023            April 2, 2023    January 1, 2023  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Long-term Debt          $                  8,860              8,665                   -1,214             -1,435  
                                                                                                                   
The following table is the effect of derivatives not designated as hedging instruments for the fiscal first
quarters ended 2023 and 2022:
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                     Gain/(Loss)                   
                                                                                   Recognized In                   
  (Dollars in Millions)           Location of Gain /(Loss)                  Income on Derivative                   
  Derivatives Not Designated      Recognized in Income                Fiscal First Quarter Ended                   
  as Hedging Instruments          on Derivative                                    April 2, 2023    April 3, 2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Foreign Exchange Contracts      Other (income) expense           $                         -31               29  
                                                                                                                   
The following table is the effect of net investment hedges for the fiscal first quarters ended in 2023 and 2022:
                                                                                                                   
                                                           Location of Gain                                        
                                                           or (Loss)                                               
                                                           Reclassified from    Gain/(Loss)                        
                           Gain/(Loss)                     Accumulated          Reclassified                       
                         Recognized In                     Other                From                               
                           Accumulated                     Comprehensive        Accumulated OCI                    
  (Dollars in                      OCI                     Income Into          Into Income                        
  Millions)              April 2, 2023    April 3, 2022    Income               April 2, 2023       April 3, 2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Debt                $            -77               68    Interest (income)    —                   —              
                                                           expense                                                 
  Cross Currency                                           Interest (income)                                       
  interest rate       $            690              560    expense              —                   —              
  swaps                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
The Company holds equity investments with readily determinable fair values and equity investments without readily
determinable fair values. The Company has elected to measure equity investments that do not have readily
determinable fair values at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price
changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer.
The following table is a summary of the activity related to equity investments:
                                                                                                                   
  (Dollars in                                                                                                      
  Millions)            January 1, 2023                                           April 2, 2023                     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                          Changes in Fair                                                          
                        Carrying Value    Value Reflected             Sales/    Carrying Value        Non Current  
                                                   in Net    Purchases/Othe…                         Other Assets  
                                                Income(1)                                                          
  Equity                                                                                                           
  Investments                                                                                                      
  with readily      $              576                -73                  2               505                505  
  determinable                                                                                                     
  value                                                                                                            
  Equity                                                                                                           
  Investments                                                                                                      
  without           $              698                 -1                 27               724                724  
  readily                                                                                                          
  determinable                                                                                                     
  value                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
(1) Recorded in Other Income/Expense
(2) Other includes impact of currency
                                                        10                                                         
Table of Content

Fair value is the exit price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability. Fair value is
a market-based measurement determined using assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or
liability. In accordance with ASC 820, a three-level hierarchy was established to prioritize the inputs used in
measuring fair value. The levels within the hierarchy are described below with Level 1 inputs having the highest
priority and Level 3 inputs having the lowest.

The fair value of a derivative financial instrument (i.e., forward foreign exchange contracts, interest rate
contracts) is the aggregation by currency of all future cash flows discounted to its present value at the
prevailing market interest rates and subsequently converted to the U.S. Dollar at the current spot foreign exchange
rate. The Company does not believe that fair values of these derivative instruments materially differ from the
amounts that could be realized upon settlement or maturity, or that the changes in fair value will have a material
effect on the Company’s results of operations, cash flows or financial position. The Company also holds equity
investments which are classified as Level 1 and debt securities which are classified as Level 2. The Company holds
acquisition related contingent liabilities based upon certain regulatory and commercial events, which are
classified as Level 3, whose values are determined using discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques
for which the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimations.

The following three levels of inputs are used to measure fair value:

Level 1 — Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.

Level 2 — Significant other observable inputs.

Level 3 — Significant unobservable inputs.
The Company’s significant financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of April 2, 2023 and January
1, 2023 were as follows:
                                                                                                               
                                              April 2, 2023                                   January 1, 2023  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (Dollars in Millions)                             Level 1    Level 2    Level 3    Total           Total(1)  
  Derivatives designated as hedging                                                                            
  instruments:                                                                                                 
  Assets:                                                                                                      
  Forward foreign exchange contracts       $              —        661          —      661                629  
  Interest rate contracts(2)                              —      1,399          —    1,399              1,534  
  Total                                                   —      2,060          —    2,060              2,163  
  Liabilities:                                                                                                 
  Forward foreign exchange contracts                      —        349          —      349                511  
  Interest rate contracts(2)                              —      2,553          —    2,553              2,778  
  Total                                                   —      2,902          —    2,902              3,289  
  Derivatives not designated as hedging                                                                        
  instruments:                                                                                                 
  Assets:                                                                                                      
  Forward foreign exchange contracts                      —         32          —       32                 38  
  Liabilities:                                                                                                 
  Forward foreign exchange contracts                      —         56          —       56                 68  
  Other Investments:                                                                                           
  Equity investments(3)                                 505          —          —      505                576  
  Debt securities(4)                                      —      8,942          —    8,942             10,487  
  Other Liabilities                                                                                            
  Contingent consideration(5)              $              —          —      1,142    1,142              1,120  
                                                                                                               
                                                        11                                                         
Table of Content
                                                                                 
  Gross to Net Derivative Reconciliation       April 2, 2023    January 1, 2023  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (Dollars in Millions)                                                          
  Total Gross Assets                        $          2,092              2,201  
  Credit Support Agreement (CSA)                      -2,028             -2,176  
  Total Net Asset                                         64                 25  
  Total Gross Liabilities                              2,958              3,357  
  Credit Support Agreement (CSA)                      -2,729             -3,023  
  Total Net Liabilities                     $            229                334  
                                                                                 
Summarized information about changes in liabilities for contingent consideration for the fiscal first quarters
ended 2023 and 2022 is as follows:
                                                                           
                                           April 2, 2023    April 3, 2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (Dollars in Millions)                                                    
  Beginning Balance                     $          1,120              533  
  Changes in estimated fair value(6)                  23              -47  
  Additions                                            —                —  
  Payments                                            -1                —  
  Ending Balance                        $          1,142              486  
                                                                           
(1) 2022 assets and liabilities are all classified as Level 2 with the exception of equity investments of $
576million, which are classified as Level 1 and contingent consideration of $ 1,120million, classified as Level 3.

(2) Includes cross currency interest rate swaps and interest rate swaps.

(3) Classified as non-current other assets.

(4) Classified within cash equivalents and current marketable securities.

(5) Includes $ 1,138million and $ 1,116million, classified as non-current other liabilities as of April 2, 2023 and
January 1, 2023, respectively. Includes $ 4million and $ 4million classified as current liabilities as of April 2,
2023 and January 1, 2023, respectively.

(6) Ongoing fair value adjustment amounts are primarily recorded in Research and Development expense.
                                                        12                                                         
Table of Content
The Company's cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and current marketable securities as of April 2, 2023
comprised:
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                          Current  
  (Dollars in                                                   Estimated Fair          Cash & Cash    Marketable  
  Millions)             Carrying Amount        Gain/(Loss)               Value          Equivalents    Securities  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash               $            4,674                  —               4,674                4,674             —  
  Restricted                      7,695                  —               7,695                7,695             —  
  cash(1)                                                                                                          
  U.S. reverse                                                                                                     
  repurchase                      6,286                  —               6,286                6,286             —  
  agreements                                                                                                       
  Corporate debt                    672                  —                 672                  300           372  
  securities(2)                                                                                                    
  Money market                    3,364                  —               3,364                3,364             —  
  funds                                                                                                            
  Time                              675                  —                 675                  675             —  
  deposits(2)                                                                                                      
  Subtotal                       23,366                  —              23,366               22,994           372  
                                           Unrealized Loss                                                         
  U.S. Gov’t                      8,462                 -9               8,453                3,804         4,649  
  securities                                                                                                       
  U.S. Gov’t                        185                 -3                 182                    —           182  
  Agencies                                                                                                         
  Corporate debt                    308                 -1                 307                   67           240  
  securities                                                                                                       
  Subtotal                                                                                                         
  available for      $            8,955                -13               8,942                3,871         5,071  
  sale debt(3)                                                                                                     
  Total cash,                                                                                                      
  cash                                                                                                             
  equivalents,                                                                                                     
  restricted         $           32,321                -13              32,308               26,865         5,443  
  cash and                                                                                                         
  current                                                                                                          
  marketable                                                                                                       
  securities                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
(1) Relates to the Kenvue Inc. (Kenvue) debt offering. See debt schedule below for additional details.
(2) Held to maturity investments are reported at amortized cost and gains or losses are reported in earnings.
(3) Available for sale debt securities are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reported net of
taxes in other comprehensive income.
As of the fiscal year ended January 1, 2023, the carrying amount was approximately the same as the estimated fair
value.

Fair value of government securities and obligations and corporate debt securities was estimated using quoted broker
prices and significant other observable inputs.
The Company classifies all highly liquid investments with stated maturities of three months or less from date of
purchase as cash equivalents and all highly liquid investments with stated maturities of greater than three months
from the date of purchase as current marketable securities. Available for sale securities with stated maturities of
greater than one year from the date of purchase are available to fund current operations and are classified as cash
equivalents and current marketable securities.
                                                                         
  (Dollars in Millions)                        Cost Basis    Fair Value  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Due within one year                       $       8,901         8,889  
  Due after one year through five years                54            53  
  Due after five years through ten years                —             —  
  Total debt securities                     $       8,955         8,942  
                                                                         
                                                        13                                                         
Table of Content
Financial Instruments not measured at Fair Value:
The following financial liabilities are held at carrying amount on the consolidated balance sheet as of April 2,
2023:
                                                                                    
  (Dollars in Millions)                                             Estimated Fair  
  Financial Liabilities                          Carrying Amount             Value  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Current Debt                                $           17,979            17,982  
  Non-Current Debt                                                                  
  0.650% Notes due 2024 (750MM Euro1.0909)                   812               796  
  5.50% Notes due 2024 (500MM GBP1.2359)                     617               626  
  2.625% Notes due 2025                                      749               732  
  0.55% Notes due 2025                                       936               920  
  2.45% Notes due 2026                                     1,997             1,924  
  2.95% Notes due 2027                                       896               968  
  0.95% Notes due 2027                                     1,412             1,329  
  2.90% Notes due 2028                                     1,496             1,438  
  1.150% Notes due 2028 (750MM Euro1.0909)                   814               737  
  6.95% Notes due 2029                                       298               368  
  1.30% Notes due 2030                                     1,628             1,469  
  4.95% Debentures due 2033                                  498               543  
  4.375% Notes due 2033                                      854               879  
  1.650% Notes due 2035 (1.5B Euro1.0909)                  1,629             1,369  
  3.55% Notes due 2036                                       864               933  
  5.95% Notes due 2037                                       993             1,161  
  3.625% Notes due 2037                                    1,359             1,389  
  3.40% Notes due 2038                                       992               896  
  5.85% Debentures due 2038                                  697               806  
  4.50% Debentures due 2040                                  540               551  
  2.10% Notes due 2040                                       852               726  
  4.85% Notes due 2041                                       297               311  
  4.50% Notes due 2043                                       496               501  
  3.70% Notes due 2046                                     1,976             1,785  
  3.75% Notes due 2047                                       837               899  
  3.50% Notes due 2048                                       743               651  
  2.25% Notes due 2050                                       834               667  
  2.45% Notes due 2060                                     1,080               819  
  5.50% Debentures due 2025*                                 748               775  
  5.35% Debentures due 2026*                                 747               776  
  5.05% Debentures due 2028*                                 993             1,038  
  5.00% Debentures due 2030*                                 992             1,033  
  4.90% Debentures due 2033*                               1,240             1,271  
  5.10% Debentures due 2043*                                 741               774  
  5.05% Debentures due 2053*                               1,476             1,540  
  5.20% Debentures due 2063*                                 738               776  
  Other                                                       57                56  
  Total Non-Current Debt                      $           34,928            34,232  
                                                                                    
                                                        14                                                         
Table of Content

The weighted average effective interest rate on non-current debt is 3.47%.

The excess of the carrying value over the estimated fair value of debt was $ 1.6billion at January 1, 2023.

In March 2023, Kenvue, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, priced an offering of senior unsecured notes in an
aggregate principal amount of $ 7.75billion (tranches with an * in the above table). The senior unsecured notes
(the Notes) will be senior unsecured obligations of Kenvue and will initially be fully and unconditionally
guaranteed (the Guarantees) on a senior unsecured basis by the Company. The Guarantees will terminate upon (1) the
completion in all material respects of the transfer of the assets and liabilities of Johnson & Johnson’s Consumer
Health Business to Kenvue and (2) Kenvue having registered equity securities. The Notes were issued in connection
with Johnson & Johnson’s separation of its Consumer Health Business. The proceeds of the Notes offering were placed
in a segregated escrow account pending the transfer of the assets and liabilities of the Consumer Health Business
to Kenvue and as such, classified as restricted cash as of the balance sheet date. On April 5, 2023, the net
proceeds of the Notes were released from escrow upon completion of the Consumer Health Business transfer.

The current debt balance as of April 2, 2023 includes $ 16.9billion of commercial paper which has a weighted
average interest rate of 4.85% and a weighted average maturity of approximately three months.

Fair value of the non-current debt was estimated using market prices, which were corroborated by quoted broker
prices and significant other observable inputs.

NOTE 5 — INCOME TAXES

The worldwide effective income tax rates for the fiscal first quarters of 2023 and 2022 were 90.8% and 12.2%,
respectively. This increase in the consolidated tax rate as compared to the prior year fiscal first quarter is
primarily due to a $ 6.9billion charge related to the talc settlement proposal at an effective tax rate of 23.5%
(for further information see Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).

In the first fiscal quarter of 2022, there were favorable tax benefits due to income mix for mark to market
adjustments to the Company’s investment portfolio and the impairment of the bermekimab AD IPR&D, both at the U.S.
statutory rate. Additionally, the prior year’s effective tax rate benefited from the impact of certain provisions
of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 that became effective in 2022. These benefits were partially offset by
incremental tax costs directly related to the planned separation of the Company’s Consumer Health business in the
first fiscal quarter of 2022 as compared to the first fiscal quarter of 2023.

The Company also received tax benefits from stock-based compensation that were either exercised or vested during
each of the fiscal first quarters.

As of April 2, 2023, the Company had approximately $ 3.8billion of liabilities from unrecognized tax benefits. The
Company conducts business and files tax returns in numerous countries and currently has tax audits in progress in a
number of jurisdictions. With respect to the United States, the IRS has completed its audit for the tax years
through 2012 and is currently auditing tax years 2013 through 2016. The Company currently expects completion of
this audit and settlement of the related tax liabilities in the next 12 months. As a result, the Company has
classified approximately $ 1.7billion of unrecognized tax benefits and associated interest as a current liability
on the “Accrued taxes on Income” line of the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of the end of the first fiscal quarter
of 2023 in anticipation of final settlement. Subsequent to April 2, 2023, the Company made a payment for
approximately $ 1.4billion to the U.S. Treasury for the estimated liability of the 2013-2016 IRS Audit. The
completion of this tax audit may result in additional adjustments to the Company’s unrecognized tax benefit
liability. In other major jurisdictions where the Company conducts business, the years that remain open to tax
audit go back to the year 2008. The Company believes it is possible that some tax audits may be completed over the
next twelve months by taxing authorities in some jurisdictions. However, the Company is not able to provide a
reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of any other future tax payments relating to uncertain tax positions.
                                                        15                                                         
Table of Content

NOTE 6 — PENSIONS AND OTHER BENEFIT PLANS
Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost
Net periodic benefit costs for the Company’s defined benefit retirement plans and other benefit plans include the
following components:
                                                                                                                   
                                            Fiscal First                                                           
                                           Quarter Ended                                                           
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                        Retirement Plans                     Other Benefit Plans                   
  (Dollars in Millions)                    April 2, 2023    April 3, 2022          April 2, 2023    April 3, 2022  
  Service cost                       $               212              321                     68               80  
  Interest cost                                      354              230                     54               26  
  Expected return on plan assets                    -668             -699                     -1               -2  
  Amortization of prior service                      -46              -46                      —               -1  
  cost/(credit)                                                                                                    
  Recognized actuarial (gains)                       -50              162                      6               30  
  losses                                                                                                           
  Curtailments and settlements                         —                1                      —                —  
  Net periodic benefit               $              -198              -31                    127              133  
  cost/(credit)                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
The service cost component of net periodic benefit cost is presented in the same line items on the Consolidated
Statement of Earnings where other employee compensation costs are reported, including Cost of products sold,
Research and development expense, and Selling, marketing and administrative expenses. All other components of net
periodic benefit cost are presented as part of Other (income) expense, net on the Consolidated Statement of
Earnings.

Company Contributions

For the fiscal three months ended April 2, 2023, the Company contributed $ 27million and $ 6million to its U.S. and
international retirement plans, respectively. The Company plans to continue to fund its U.S. defined benefit plans
to comply with the Pension Protection Act of 2006. International plans are funded in accordance with local
regulations.

NOTE 7 — ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Components of other comprehensive income (loss) consist of the following:
                                                                                                               
                                  Foreign    Gain/(Loss)    Employee       Gain/(Loss)      Total Accumulated  
                                 Currency             On     Benefit    On Derivatives    Other Comprehensive  
  (Dollars in Millions)       Translation     Securities       Plans          & Hedges          Income (Loss)  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  January 1, 2023          $      -11,813            -27        -897              -230                -12,967  
  Net change                         -181             17         -68               573                    341  
  April 2, 2023            $      -11,994            -10        -965               343                -12,626  
                                                                                                               
Amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income are presented net of the related tax impact. Foreign currency
translation is not adjusted for income taxes where it relates to permanent investments in international
subsidiaries. For additional details on comprehensive income see the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income.

Details on reclassifications out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income:

Gain/(Loss) On Securities - reclassifications released to Other (income) expense, net.

Employee Benefit Plans - reclassifications are included in net periodic benefit cost. See Note 6 for additional
details.

Gain/(Loss) On Derivatives & Hedges - reclassifications to earnings are recorded in the same account as the
underlying transaction. See Note 4 for additional details.
                                                        16                                                         
Table of Content

NOTE 8 — EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE
The following is a reconciliation of basic net earnings/(loss) per share to diluted net earnings/(loss) per share:
                                                                                              
                                                 Fiscal First Quarter Ended                   
  (Shares in Millions)                                        April 2, 2023    April 3, 2022  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Basic net earnings/(loss) per share         $                       -0.03             1.96  
  Average shares outstanding — basic                                2,605.5          2,629.2  
  Potential shares exercisable under stock                                —            140.1  
  option plans                                                                                
  Less: shares which could be repurchased                                 —           -102.8  
  under treasury stock method                                                                 
  Average shares outstanding —                                      2,605.5          2,666.5  
  basic/diluted*                                                                              
  Net earnings/(loss) per share               $                       -0.03             1.93  
  (basic/diluted)*                                                                            
                                                                                              
The diluted net earnings per share calculation for the fiscal first quarter ended April 3, 2022 included all shares
related to stock options, as the exercise price of all options was less than the average market value of the
Company’s stock.

* Basic shares are used to calculate loss per share when in a loss position.
                                                        17                                                         
Table of Content

NOTE 9 — SEGMENTS OF BUSINESS AND GEOGRAPHIC AREAS
SALES BY SEGMENT OF BUSINESS
                                                                                    
                              Fiscal First Quarter Ended                            
                                                April 2,    April 3,    Percent     
  (Dollars in Millions)                             2023        2022     Change     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  CONSUMER HEALTH                                                                   
  OTC                                                                               
  U.S.                     $                         745         670       11.0  %  
  International                                      897         791       13.5     
  Worldwide                                        1,642       1,461       12.4     
  Skin Health/Beauty                                                                
  U.S.                                               617         544       13.4     
  International                                      493         468        5.3     
  Worldwide                                        1,110       1,012        9.7     
  Oral Care                                                                         
  U.S.                                               159         143       11.6     
  International                                      202         223       -9.6     
  Worldwide                                          361         366       -1.3     
  Baby Care                                                                         
  U.S.                                                96          85       13.0     
  International                                      263         270       -2.8     
  Worldwide                                          359         355        1.0     
  Women’s Health                                                                    
  U.S.                                                 3           3        1.8     
  International                                      214         224       -4.9     
  Worldwide                                          217         228       -4.8     
  Wound Care/Other                                                                  
  U.S.                                               115         112        2.6     
  International                                       49          52       -6.0     
  Worldwide                                          164         164       -0.1     
  TOTAL CONSUMER HEALTH                                                             
  U.S.                                             1,735       1,557       11.4     
  International                                    2,117       2,029        4.4     
  Worldwide                                        3,852       3,586        7.4     
                                                                                    
                                                        18                                                         
Table of Content
                                                                                
  PHARMACEUTICAL                                                                
  Immunology                                                                    
  U.S.                                        2,448       2,501        -2.1     
  International                               1,664       1,617         2.9     
  Worldwide                                   4,112       4,119        -0.2     
  REMICADE                                                                      
  U.S.                                          276         358       -22.8     
  U.S. Exports                                   41          80       -48.8     
  International                                 170         225       -24.4     
  Worldwide                                     487         663       -26.5     
  SIMPONI / SIMPONI ARIA                                                        
  U.S.                                          271         287        -5.6     
  International                                 266         283        -6.1     
  Worldwide                                     537         571        -5.8     
  STELARA                                                                       
  U.S.                                        1,451       1,379         5.2     
  International                                 993         909         9.3     
  Worldwide                                   2,444       2,288         6.8     
  TREMFYA                                                                       
  U.S.                                          406         391         3.9     
  International                                 234         199        17.3     
  Worldwide                                     640         590         8.4     
  OTHER IMMUNOLOGY                                                              
  U.S.                                            3           6       -51.2     
  International                                      0           0        —     
  Worldwide                                       3           6       -51.3     
  Infectious Diseases                                                           
  U.S.                                          392         461       -14.9     
  International                               1,193         836        42.8     
  Worldwide                                   1,586       1,297        22.3     
  COVID-19 VACCINE                                                              
  U.S.                                               0       75              *  
  International                                 747         382        95.6     
  Worldwide                                     747         457        63.4     
  EDURANT / rilpivirine                                                         
  U.S.                                            9           9        -1.4     
  International                                 271         239        13.4     
  Worldwide                                     280         248        12.8     
  PREZISTA / PREZCOBIX /REZOLSTA / SYMTUZA                                      
  U.S.                                          378         369         2.5     
  International                                  99         132       -25.2     
  Worldwide                                     477         501        -4.8     
                                                                                
                                                        19                                                         
Table of Content
                                                                    
  OTHER INFECTIOUS DISEASES                                         
  U.S.                                      5        8    -33.1     
  International                            77       83     -7.6     
  Worldwide                                82       91     -9.8     
  Neuroscience                                                      
  U.S.                                    978      843     16.0     
  International                           826      898     -8.1     
  Worldwide                             1,804    1,741      3.6     
  CONCERTA / methylphenidate                                        
  U.S.                                     70       35           *  
  International                           136      122     11.4     
  Worldwide                               206      157     31.4     
  INVEGA SUSTENNA / XEPLION / INVEGA                                
  TRINZA / TREVICTA                                                 
  U.S.                                    713      661      7.9     
  International                           331      387    -14.6     
  Worldwide                             1,044    1,048     -0.4     
  SPRAVATO                                                          
  U.S.                                    111       61     82.4     
  International                            20        9           *  
  Worldwide                               131       70     86.9     
  OTHER NEUROSCIENCE(1)                                             
  U.S.                                     84       86     -3.5     
  International                           339      380    -10.7     
  Worldwide                               423      467     -9.4     
  Oncology                                                          
  U.S.                                  1,889    1,582     19.4     
  International                         2,223    2,369     -6.1     
  Worldwide                             4,112    3,950      4.1     
  CARVYKTI                                                          
  U.S.                                     70        —           *  
  International                             2        —           *  
  Worldwide                                72        —           *  
  DARZALEX                                                          
  U.S.                                  1,191      953     25.0     
  International                         1,072      903     18.8     
  Worldwide                             2,264    1,856     22.0     
  ERLEADA                                                           
  U.S.                                    249      206     21.2     
  International                           293      194     50.9     
  Worldwide                               542      400     35.6     
  IMBRUVICA                                                         
  U.S.                                    270      370    -27.1     
  International                           557      668    -16.6     
  Worldwide                               827    1,038    -20.3     
  ZYTIGA/abiraterone acetate                                        
                                                                    
                                                        20                                                         
Table of Content
                                                                       
  U.S.                                       16        19    -14.0     
  International                             229       520    -56.0     
  Worldwide                                 245       539    -54.5     
  OTHER ONCOLOGY                                                       
  U.S.                                       92        34           *  
  International                              70        84    -17.2     
  Worldwide                                 162       118     37.4     
  Pulmonary Hypertension                                               
  U.S.                                      600       572      4.9     
  International                             272       279     -2.7     
  Worldwide                                 872       852      2.4     
  OPSUMIT                                                              
  U.S.                                      273       273     -0.1     
  International                             167       170     -1.6     
  Worldwide                                 440       443     -0.7     
  UPTRAVI                                                              
  U.S.                                      304       269     13.1     
  International                              58        56      3.3     
  Worldwide                                 362       325     11.4     
  OTHER PULMONARY HYPERTENSION                                         
  U.S.                                       23        30    -22.4     
  International                              47        53    -12.6     
  Worldwide                                  70        83    -16.1     
  Cardiovascular / Metabolism / Other                                  
  U.S.                                      715       672      6.3     
  International                             212       238    -10.8     
  Worldwide                                 927       910      1.8     
  XARELTO                                                              
  U.S.                                      578       508     13.7     
  International                               —         —        —     
  Worldwide                                 578       508     13.7     
  OTHER(2)                                                             
  U.S.                                      137       164    -16.7     
  International                             212       238    -10.8     
  Worldwide                                 349       402    -13.2     
  TOTAL PHARMACEUTICAL                                                 
  U.S.                                    7,023     6,632      5.9     
  International                           6,390     6,237      2.4     
  Worldwide                              13,413    12,869      4.2     
                                                                       
                                                        21                                                         
Table of Content
                                                                
  MEDTECH                                                       
  Interventional Solutions                                      
  U.S.                                863      494     74.5     
  International                       640      597      7.1     
  Worldwide                         1,503    1,092     37.6     
  ELECTROPHYSIOLOGY                                             
  U.S.                                571      470     21.4     
  International                       522      532     -1.8     
  Worldwide                         1,092    1,002      9.1     
  ABIOMED(3)                                                    
  U.S.                                264        —           *  
  International                        60        —           *  
  Worldwide                           324        —           *  
  OTHER INTERVENTIONAL SOLUTIONS                                
  U.S.                                 28       24     17.4     
  International                        58       65    -11.7     
  Worldwide                            87       90     -3.9     
  Orthopaedics                                                  
  U.S.                              1,363    1,289      5.8     
  International                       881      899     -2.0     
  Worldwide                         2,245    2,188      2.6     
  HIPS                                                          
  U.S.                                241      225      7.3     
  International                       149      164     -9.0     
  Worldwide                           390      389      0.4     
  KNEES                                                         
  U.S.                                226      201     12.4     
  International                       142      138      3.4     
  Worldwide                           368      339      8.7     
  TRAUMA                                                        
  U.S.                                491      475      3.2     
  International                       267      273     -2.4     
  Worldwide                           757      748      1.2     
  SPINE, SPORTS & OTHER                                         
  U.S.                                406      387      4.7     
  International                       323      324     -0.3     
  Worldwide                           729      712      2.4     
  Surgery                                                       
  U.S.                                975      921      5.9     
  International                     1,459    1,513     -3.6     
  Worldwide                         2,434    2,434      0.0     
  ADVANCED                                                      
  U.S.                                444      417      6.5     
  International                       673      729     -7.6     
  Worldwide                         1,118    1,146     -2.5     
  GENERAL                                                       
  U.S.                                531      504      5.4     
                                                                
                                                        22                                                         
Table of Content
                                                            
  International                   785       784     0.2     
  Worldwide                     1,316     1,288     2.2     
  Vision                                                    
  U.S.                            558       521     7.1     
  International                   743       736     0.8     
  Worldwide                     1,300     1,257     3.4     
  CONTACT LENSES / OTHER                                    
  U.S.                            444       400    11.1     
  International                   509       511    -0.3     
  Worldwide                       953       910     4.7     
  SURGICAL                                                  
  U.S.                            114       121    -6.0     
  International                   233       226     3.3     
  Worldwide                       347       347     0.1     
  TOTAL MEDTECH                                             
  U.S.                          3,759     3,225    16.6     
  International                 3,722     3,746    -0.6     
  Worldwide                     7,481     6,971     7.3     
  WORLDWIDE                                                 
  U.S.                         12,517    11,414     9.7     
  International                12,229    12,012     1.8     
  Worldwide                 $  24,746    23,426     5.6  %  
                                                            
*Percentage greater than 100% or not meaningful

(1) Inclusive of RISPERDAL CONSTA which was previously disclosed separately

(2) Inclusive of INVOKANA which was previously disclosed separately

(3) Acquired on December 22, 2022
EARNINGS/(LOSS) BEFORE PROVISION FOR TAXES BY SEGMENT
                                                                                                        
                                               Fiscal First Quarter Ended                               
                                                                 April 2,    April 3,    Percent        
  (Dollars in Millions)                                              2023        2022     Change        
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Consumer Health(1)                        $                         776         686       13.1     %  
  Pharmaceutical(2)                                                 4,444       3,924       13.3        
  MedTech(3)                                                        1,445       1,477             -2.2  
  Segment earnings before provision for                             6,665       6,087        9.5        
  taxes                                                                                                 
  Less: Expense not allocated to                                    7,102         123                   
  segments(4)                                                                                           
  Less: Consumer Health separation costs                              300         102                   
  Worldwide income/(loss) before tax        $                        -737       5,862                *  
                                                                                                        
*Percentage greater than 100% or not meaningful
(1) Consumer Health includes:
• Intangible amortization expense of $ 0.1billion in both the fiscal first quarter of 2023 and 2022.
(2) Pharmaceutical includes:
• Intangible amortization expense of $ 0.7billion and $ 0.8billion in the fiscal first quarter of 2023 and 2022,
respectively.
• COVID-19 Vaccine related exit costs of $ 0.4billion in the fiscal first quarter of 2023.
• A restructuring related charge of $ 0.1billion in the fiscal first quarter of 2023.
                                                        23                                                         
Table of Content

• In the fiscal first quarter of 2022, the Company recorded an intangible asset impairment charge of approximately
$ 0.6billion related to an in-process research and development asset, bermekimab (JnJ-77474462), an investigational
drug for the treatment of Atopic Dermatitis (AD) and Hidradenitis Suppurativa (HS).

• Unfavorable changes in the fair value of securities in the fiscal first quarter of 2022 of $ 0.4billion.

(3) MedTech includes:

• Intangible amortization expense of $ 0.4billion and $ 0.3billion in the fiscal first quarter of 2023 and 2022,
respectively.

• A restructuring related charge of $ 0.1billion in the fiscal first quarter of 2022.

(4) Amounts not allocated to segments include interest income/expense and general corporate income/expense. The
fiscal first quarter of 2023 includes the incremental $6.9 billion charge related to the talc settlement proposal.
See Note 11, Legal Proceedings, for additional details.
SALES BY GEOGRAPHIC AREA
                                                                                                      
                                           Fiscal First Quarter Ended                     Percent     
  (Dollars in Millions)                                 April 2, 2023    April 3, 2022     Change     
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  United States                         $                      12,517           11,414        9.7  %  
  Europe                                                        6,332            6,024        5.1     
  Western Hemisphere, excluding U.S.                            1,587            1,482        7.1     
  Asia-Pacific, Africa                                          4,310            4,506       -4.3     
  Total                                 $                      24,746           23,426        5.6  %  
                                                                                                      
NOTE 10— ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES

There were no acquisitions or divestitures in the fiscal first quarter of 2023.

On December 22, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Abiomed, a leading, first-to-market provider of
cardiovascular medical technology with a first-in-kind portfolio for the treatment of coronary artery disease and
heart failure which also has an extensive innovation pipeline of life-saving technologies. The transaction broadens
the Company’s position as a growing cardiovascular innovator, advancing the standard of care in heart failure and
recovery, one of healthcare’s largest areas of unmet need. The transaction was accounted for as a business
combination and the results of operations were included in the MedTech segment as of the date of the acquisition.
The acquisition was completed through a tender offer for all outstanding shares. The consideration paid in the
acquisition consisted of an upfront payment of $ 380.00per share in cash, amounting to $ 17.1billion, net of cash
acquired, as well as a non-tradeable contingent value right (CVR) entitling the holder to receive up to $ 35.00per
share in cash (which with respect to the CVRs total approximately $ 1.6billion in the aggregate) if certain
commercial and clinical milestones are achieved. The corresponding enterprise value (without taking into account
the CVRs) of approximately $ 16.5billion includes cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities acquired.

The milestones of the CVR consist of:

a. $ 17.50per share, payable if net sales for Abiomed products exceeds $ 3.7billion during Johnson & Johnson’s
fiscal second quarter of 2027 through fiscal first quarter of 2028, or if this threshold is not met during this
period and is subsequently met during any rolling four quarter period up to the end of Johnson & Johnson’s fiscal
first quarter of 2029, $ 8.75per share;

b. $ 7.50per share payable upon FDA premarket application approval of the use of Impella ® products in ST-elevated
myocardial infarction (STEMI) patients without cardiogenic shock by January 1, 2028; and

c. $ 10.00per share payable upon the first publication of a Class I recommendation for the use of Impella ®
products in high risk PCI or STEMI with or without cardiogenic shock within four years from their respective
clinical endpoint publication dates, but in all cases no later than December 31, 2029.

The fair value of the acquisition was initially allocated to assets acquired of $ 19.9billion (net of $ 0.3billion
cash acquired), primarily to goodwill for $ 10.9billion, amortizable intangible assets for $ 6.6billion, IPR&D for
$ 1.1billion, marketable securities of $ 0.6billion and liabilities assumed of $ 2.8billion, which includes the
fair value of the contingent consideration mentioned above for $ 0.7billion and deferred taxes of $ 1.8billion. The
goodwill is primarily attributable to the commercial acceleration and expansion of the portfolio and is not
expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The contingent consideration was recorded in Other Liabilities on the
Consolidated Balance Sheet.
                                                        24                                                         
Table of Content

As the acquisition occurred in December 2022, the Company is still finalizing the allocation of the purchase price
to the individual assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The allocation of the purchase price included in the
current period balance sheet is based on the best estimate of management and is preliminary and subject to change.
To assist management in the allocation, the Company engaged valuation specialists to prepare appraisals. The
Company will finalize the amounts recognized as the information necessary to complete the analysis is obtained. The
Company expects to finalize these amounts as soon as possible but no later than one year from the acquisition date.
In the fiscal first quarter of 2023, there were purchase price allocation adjustments netting to approximately $
0.1billion with an offsetting increase to goodwill.

The amortizable intangible assets were primarily comprised of already in-market products of the Impella ® platform
with an average weighted life of 14years. The IPR&D assets were valued for technology programs for unapproved
products. The value of the IPR&D was calculated using probability-adjusted cash flow projections discounted for the
risk inherent in such projects. The probability of success factor ranged from 52% to 70%. The discount rate applied
was 9.5%.

In 2022, the Company recorded acquisition related costs before tax of approximately $ 0.3billion, which was
recorded in Other (income)/expense.

There were no material acquisitions or divestitures in the fiscal first quarter of 2022.

NOTE 11 — LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

Johnson & Johnson and certain of its subsidiaries are involved in various lawsuits and claims regarding product
liability; intellectual property; commercial; indemnification and other matters; governmental investigations; and
other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of their business.

The Company records accruals for loss contingencies associated with these legal matters when it is probable that a
liability will be incurred, and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. As of April 2, 2023, the
Company has determined that the liabilities associated with certain litigation matters are probable and can be
reasonably estimated. The Company has accrued for these matters and will continue to monitor each related legal
issue and adjust accruals as might be warranted based on new information and further developments in accordance
with ASC 450-20-25. For these and other litigation and regulatory matters discussed below for which a loss is
probable or reasonably possible, the Company is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss beyond the
amounts accrued. Amounts accrued for legal contingencies often result from a complex series of judgments about
future events and uncertainties that rely heavily on estimates and assumptions including timing of related
payments. The ability to make such estimates and judgments can be affected by various factors including, among
other things, whether damages sought in the proceedings are unsubstantiated or indeterminate; scientific and legal
discovery has not commenced or is not complete; proceedings are in early stages; matters present legal
uncertainties; there are significant facts in dispute; procedural or jurisdictional issues; the uncertainty and
unpredictability of the number of potential claims; ability to achieve comprehensive multi-party settlements;
complexity of related cross-claims and counterclaims; and/or there are numerous parties involved. To the extent
adverse awards, judgments or verdicts have been rendered against the Company, the Company does not record an
accrual until a loss is determined to be probable and can be reasonably estimated.

In the Company’s opinion, based on its examination of these matters, its experience to date and discussions with
counsel, the ultimate outcome of legal proceedings, net of liabilities accrued in the Company’s balance sheet, is
not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position. However, the resolution of, or
increase in accruals for, one or more of these matters in any reporting period may have a material adverse effect
on the Company’s results of operations and cash flows for that period.

MATTERS CONCERNING TALC

A significant number of personal injury claims alleging that talc causes cancer were made against Johnson & Johnson
Consumer Inc. and the Company arising out of the use of body powders containing talc, primarily JOHNSON’S Baby
Powder. The number of these personal injury lawsuits, filed in state and federal courts in the United States as
well as outside of the United States, continued to increase.

In talc cases that previously have gone to trial, the Company has obtained a number of defense verdicts, but there
also have been verdicts against the Company, many of which have been reversed on appeal. In June 2020, the Missouri
Court of Appeals reversed in part and affirmed in part a July 2018 verdict of $ 4.7billion in Ingham v. Johnson &
Johnson, et al., No. ED 207476 (Mo. App.), reducing the overall award to $ 2.1billion. An application for transfer
of the case to the Missouri Supreme Court was subsequently denied and in June 2021, a petition for certiorari,
seeking a review of the Ingham decision by the United States Supreme Court, was denied. In June 2021, the Company
paid the award, which, including interest, totaled approximately $ 2.5billion. The facts and circumstances,
including the terms of the award, were unique to the Ingham decision and not representative of other claims brought
against the Company. The Company continues to believe that it has strong legal grounds to contest the other talc
verdicts that it has appealed. Notwithstanding the Company’s confidence in the safety of its talc products, in
certain circumstances the Company has settled cases.
                                                        25                                                         
Table of Content

In October 2021, Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. (Old JJCI) implemented a corporate restructuring (the 2021
Corporate Restructuring). As a result of that restructuring, Old JJCI ceased to exist and three new entities were
created: (a) LTL Management LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company (LTL or Debtor); (b) Royalty A&M LLC, a
North Carolina limited liability company and a direct subsidiary of LTL (RAM); and (c) the Debtor’s direct parent,
Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc., a New Jersey company (New JJCI). The Debtor received certain of Old JJCI’s assets
and became solely responsible for the talc-related liabilities of Old JJCI, including all liabilities related in
any way to injury or damage, or alleged injury or damage, sustained or incurred in the purchase or use of, or
exposure to, talc, including talc contained in any product, or to the risk of, or responsibility for, any such
damage or injury, except for any liabilities for which the exclusive remedy is provided under a workers’
compensation statute or act (the Talc-Related Liabilities).

In October 2021, notwithstanding the Company’s confidence in the safety of its talc products, the Debtor filed a
voluntary petition with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Western District of North Carolina, Charlotte
Division, seeking relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (the LTL Bankruptcy Case). All litigation against
LTL, Old JJCI, New JJCI, the Company, other of their corporate affiliates, identified retailers, insurance
companies, and certain other parties (the Protected Parties) was stayed, although LTL did agree to lift the stay on
a small number of appeals where appeal bonds had been filed. The LTL Bankruptcy Case was transferred to the United
States Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Jersey. Claimants filed motions to dismiss the LTL Bankruptcy Case
and, following a multiple day hearing, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court denied those motions in March 2022.

The claimants subsequently filed notices of appeal as to the denial of the motions to dismiss the LTL Bankruptcy
Case and the extension of the stay to the Protected Parties. On January 30, 2023, the Third Circuit reversed the
Bankruptcy Court’s ruling and remanded to the Bankruptcy Court to dismiss the LTL bankruptcy.

LTL filed a petition for rehearing of the Third Circuit’s decision, which was denied on March 22, 2023. On the same
day, LTL filed a motion in the Third Circuit to stay the mandate directing the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court to
dismiss the LTL bankruptcy pending filing and disposition of a petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Supreme Court. On March 31, 2023, the Third Circuit denied the motion to stay the mandate and issued the mandate.

On April 4, 2023, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court dismissed the LTL Bankruptcy Case, effectively lifting the stay
as to all parties and returning the talc litigation to the tort system. Several hours later, also on April 4, 2023,
LTL re-filed in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Jersey seeking relief under chapter 11
of the Bankruptcy Code (the LTL 2 Bankruptcy Case). As a result of the new filing, all talc claims against LTL were
again automatically stayed pursuant to section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code. Additionally, on April 5, 2023, the New
Jersey Bankruptcy Court issued a temporary restraining order staying all litigation as to LTL, Old JJCI, New JJCI,
the Company, identified retailers, and certain other parties (the New Protected Parties).

On April 20, 2023, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court issued a decision that granted limited injunctive relief to the
Company and the New Protected Parties (the LTL 2 Preliminary Injunction). The LTL 2 Preliminary Injunction will
remain in force and effect until June 15, 2023, subject to the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court revisiting its ruling at
a hearing scheduled for May 22, 2023. Under the LTL 2 Preliminary Injunction, except for in those cases filed in
the federal court ovarian cancer multi-district litigation, discovery in all personal injury and wrongful death
matters is permitted to proceed. No trials may occur in any of the personal injury and wrongful death matters. On
April 24, 2023, the Talc Claimants' Committee filed a motion to dismiss the LTL 2 Bankruptcy.

In the original bankruptcy case, the Company agreed to provide funding to LTL for the payment of amounts the New
Jersey Bankruptcy Court determines are owed by LTL and the establishment of a $ 2.0billion trust in furtherance of
this purpose. The Company established a reserve for approximately $ 2.0billion in connection with the
aforementioned trust. After and as a result of the filing of the LTL Bankruptcy Case, the Company de-consolidated
LTL, which is a related party. The impact of the de-consolidation is not material to the Company. In the LTL 2
Bankruptcy Case, the Company has agreed to contribute an additional $ 6.9billion which, when added to the prior $
2.0billion, will be a total reserve of present value of $ 8.9billion payable over 25years (nominal value
approximately $ 12.0billion discounted at a rate of 4.41%), to resolve all the current and future talc claims.

The expected payment schedule provides that approximately $ 6.0billion is paid in the first two years, with the
remainder paid over the remaining 23years. The parties have not yet reached a resolution of all talc matters in the
LTL Bankruptcy Case, and the Company is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss beyond the amount
accrued.

A class action advancing claims relating to industrial talc was filed against the Company and others in New Jersey
state court in May 2022 (the Edley Class Action). The Edley Class Action asserts, among other things, that the
Company fraudulently defended past asbestos personal injury lawsuits arising from exposure to industrial talc
mined, milled, and manufactured before January 6, 1989 by the Company’s then wholly owned subsidiary, Windsor
Minerals, Inc., which is currently a debtor in the Imerys Bankruptcy described hereafter. The Company removed the
Edley Class Action to federal court in the District of New
                                                        26                                                         
Table of Content

Jersey. In October 2022, the Company filed motions to dismiss and to deny certification of a class to pursue the
Edley Class Action in the New Jersey District Court.

In February 2019, the Company’s talc supplier, Imerys Talc America, Inc. and two of its affiliates, Imerys Talc
Vermont, Inc. and Imerys Talc Canada, Inc. (collectively, Imerys) filed a voluntary petition under chapter 11 of
the United States Code (the Bankruptcy Code) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware
(Imerys Bankruptcy). The Imerys Bankruptcy relates to Imerys’s potential liability for personal injury from
exposure to talcum powder sold by Imerys. In its bankruptcy, Imerys alleges it has claims against the Company for
indemnification and rights to joint insurance proceeds.

In June 2020, Cyprus Mines Corporation and its parent, Cyprus Amax Minerals Company (CAMC) (together, Cyprus),
which had owned certain Imerys talc mines, filed an adversary proceeding against the Company and Imerys in the
Imerys Bankruptcy seeking a declaration of indemnity rights under certain contractual agreements (the Cyprus
Adversary Proceeding). The Company denies such indemnification is owed and filed a motion to dismiss the adversary
complaint. In February 2021, Cyprus filed a voluntary petition for relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code
and filed its Disclosure Statement and Plan (the Cyprus Plan). The Cyprus Plan contemplates a settlement with
Imerys and talc claimants where Cyprus would make a monetary contribution to a trust established under the Imerys
Plan in exchange for an injunction against talc claims asserted against it and certain protected parties. Cyprus
has not yet sought approval of its Disclosure Statement and Plan. Cyprus, along with the Tort Claimants’ Committee
(TCC) and Future Claimants’ Representative (FCR) appointed in the Cyprus chapter 11 case, have agreed to
participate in the mediation with the Mediation Parties. In October 2021, the Company filed a Notice of Bankruptcy
Filing and Stay of Proceedings clarifying that the automatic stay arising upon the filing of the LTL Bankruptcy
Case should apply to the Cyprus Adversary Proceeding. In June 2022, Cyprus commenced an Adversary Proceeding in its
chapter 11 case seeking an order enforcing the automatic stay by enjoining parties from commencing or continuing
“talc-related claims” against CAMC. In June 2022, the court entered a preliminary injunction order enjoining
claimants from pursuing talc-related claims against CAMC through January 2023. The court subsequently extended the
preliminary injunction through July 31, 2023.

Imerys, the TCC, the FCR, certain of Imerys’s insurers, and certain parties in the Cyprus Mines chapter 11 case
(collectively the Mediation Parties) have been engaged in mediation since October 2021.

In July 2021, Imerys commenced an adversary proceeding against the Company in the Imerys Bankruptcy (the Imerys
Adversary Proceeding). The Imerys Adversary Proceeding sought, among other things, certain declarations with
respect to the indemnification obligations allegedly owed by the Company to Imerys. The Company filed a motion to
dismiss the adversary proceeding.

In February 2021, several of the Company’s insurers involved in coverage litigation in New Jersey State Court (the
Coverage Action) filed a motion in the Imerys Bankruptcy Court proceeding seeking a determination that the
automatic stay does not apply to the Coverage Action and, in the alternative, seeking relief from the automatic
stay to allow them to continue to litigate their claims in the Coverage Action. The Court entered an agreed order
modifying the stay to allow the litigation in the Coverage Action to continue.

In February 2018, a securities class action lawsuit was filed against the Company and certain named officers in the
United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, alleging that the Company violated the federal
securities laws by failing to disclose alleged asbestos contamination in body powders containing talc, primarily
JOHNSON’S Baby Powder, and that purchasers of the Company’s shares suffered losses as a result. In April 2019, the
Company moved to dismiss the complaint. In December 2019, the Court denied, in part, the motion to dismiss. In
April 2021, briefing on Plaintiff’s motion for class certification was completed. In March 2022, LTL asked the New
Jersey Bankruptcy Court to stay the securities class action. In May 2022, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court entered
an order staying the securities class action and Plaintiff appealed the Bankruptcy Court’s order. However, on March
31, 2023, the Third Circuit issued the mandate to dismiss the LTL Bankruptcy Case, which mooted the appeal, and on
April 4, 2023, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court dismissed the LTL Bankruptcy Case, effectively lifting the stay as
to this matter.

A lawsuit was brought against the Company in the Superior Court of California for the County of San Diego alleging
violations of California’s Consumer Legal Remedies Act (CLRA) relating to JOHNSON’S Baby Powder. In that lawsuit,
the plaintiffs allege that the Company violated the CLRA by failing to provide required Proposition 65 warnings. In
July 2019, the Company filed a notice of removal to the United States District Court for the Southern District of
California and plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint shortly thereafter. In October 2019, the Company moved
to dismiss the second amended complaint for failure to state a claim upon which relief may be granted. In response
to those motions, plaintiffs filed a third amended complaint. In December 2019, the Company moved to dismiss the
third amended complaint for failure to state a claim upon which relief may be granted. In April 2020, the Court
granted the motion to dismiss but granted leave to amend. In May 2020, plaintiffs filed a Fourth Amended Complaint
but indicated that they would be filing a motion for leave to file a fifth amended complaint. Plaintiffs filed a
Fifth Amended Complaint in August 2020. The Company moved to dismiss the Fifth Amended Complaint for failure to
state a claim upon which relief may be granted. In January 2021, the Court issued an Order and opinion ruling in
the Company’s favor and granting the motion to dismiss with prejudice. In February 2021, Plaintiffs filed a Notice
of
                                                        27                                                         
Table of Content

Appeal with the Ninth Circuit. Plaintiffs filed their opening brief in July 2021. The company filed its responsive
brief in October 2021.

In June 2014, the Mississippi Attorney General filed a complaint in Chancery Court of The First Judicial District
of Hinds County, Mississippi against the Company and Johnson & Johnson Consumer Companies, Inc. (now known as
Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc.) (collectively, JJCI). The complaint alleges that JJCI violated the Mississippi
Consumer Protection Act by failing to disclose alleged health risks associated with female consumers’ use of talc
contained in JOHNSON’S Baby Powder and JOHNSON’S Shower to Shower (a product divested in 2012) and seeks injunctive
and monetary relief. In February 2022, the trial court set the case for trial to begin in February 2023. However,
in October 2022, the LTL bankruptcy court issued an order staying the case. On March 31, 2023, the Third Circuit
issued the mandate to dismiss the LTL Bankruptcy Case and on April 4, 2023, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court
dismissed the LTL Bankruptcy Case, effectively lifting the stay as to this matter. The trial court has indicated it
will set a new trial date in this matter during the second fiscal quarter of 2024.

In January 2020, the State of New Mexico filed a consumer protection case alleging that the Company deceptively
marketed and sold its talcum powder products by making misrepresentations about the safety of the products and the
presence of carcinogens, including asbestos. In March 2022, the New Mexico court denied the Company’s motion to
compel the State of New Mexico to engage in discovery of state agencies and denied the Company’s request for
interlocutory appeal of that decision. The Company then filed a Petition for Writ of Superintending Control and a
Request for a Stay to the New Mexico Supreme Court on the issue of the State of New Mexico’s discovery obligations.
In April 2022, in view of the efforts to resolve talc-related claims in the LTL Bankruptcy Case, the Company and
the State agreed to a 60-day stay of all matters except for the pending writ before the New Mexico Supreme Court,
which expired in June 2022. Thereafter, the Company moved to enjoin prosecution of the case in the LTL Bankruptcy
Case. In October 2022, the bankruptcy court issued an order staying the case. In December 2022, the State filed an
appeal to the Third Circuit concerning the stay order. Separately, in September 2022, the New Mexico Supreme Court
granted the Company's request for a stay pending further briefing on the scope of the State of New Mexico’s
discovery obligations. On March 31, 2023, the Third Circuit issued the mandate to dismiss the LTL Bankruptcy Case
and on April 4, 2023, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court dismissed the LTL Bankruptcy Case, effectively lifting the
stay as to this matter. However, this case remains stayed as a result of the New Mexico Supreme Court’s stay until
such time as the Supreme Court issues an order concerning the State of New Mexico’s discovery obligations.

Forty-two states and the District of Columbia (including Mississippi and New Mexico) have commenced a joint
investigation into the Company’s marketing of its talcum powder products. At this time, the multi-state group has
not asserted any claims against the Company. Five states have issued Civil Investigative Demands seeking documents
and other information. The Company has produced documents to Arizona, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington and
entered into confidentiality agreements. The Company has not received any follow up requests from those states. In
March 2022, each of the forty-two states agreed to mediation of their claims in the LTL Bankruptcy Case. In July
2022, New Mexico and Mississippi indicated they would no longer voluntarily submit to further mediation in the LTL
Bankruptcy and would proceed with their respective cases in state court. In March 2023, the mediation was
terminated. The procedural history and status of the New Mexico and Mississippi matters specifically have been
discussed above.

In addition, the Company has received inquiries, subpoenas, and requests to produce documents regarding talc
matters and the LTL Bankruptcy Case from various governmental authorities. The Company has produced documents and
responded to inquiries, and will continue to cooperate with government inquiries.

MATTERS CONCERNING OPIOIDS

Beginning in 2014 and continuing to the present, the Company and Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (JPI), along with
other pharmaceutical companies, have been named in close to 3,500lawsuits related to the marketing of opioids,
including DURAGESIC, NUCYNTA and NUCYNTA ER. The suits also raise allegations related to previously owned narcotic
raw material and active pharmaceutical ingredient supplier subsidiaries, Tasmanian Alkaloids Pty, Ltd. and Noramco,
Inc. (both subsidiaries were divested in 2016). The majority of the cases have been filed by state and local
governments, including 20 suits filed by state or territorial Attorneys General following a multi-state
investigation of opioid marketing practices. Similar lawsuits have also been filed by private plaintiffs and
organizations, including but not limited to the following: individual plaintiffs on behalf of children born with
Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome (NAS); hospitals; and health insurers/payors. In August 2019, the Company received a
grand jury subpoena from the United States Attorney’s Office for the Eastern District of New York for documents
related to the Company’s anti-diversion policies and procedures and distribution of its opioid medications, in what
the Company understands to be part of a broader investigation into manufacturers’ and distributors’ monitoring
programs and reporting under the Controlled Substances Act.

The majority of the opioid marketing cases have been filed in federal courts and coordinated in a multi-district
litigation proceeding in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio (Ohio MDL), with most
of the remainder in various state courts. To date, the Company and JPI have litigated two of the cases to judgment
and have prevailed in both, either at trial or on appeal. In November 2021, the Oklahoma Supreme Court reversed a $
465million judgment entered against the Company and JPI on a public nuisance claim brought by the Oklahoma Attorney
General, holding that the marketing of
                                                        28                                                         
Table of Content

lawful products was not actionable under the State’s public nuisance law, and directing entry of judgment for the
Company and JPI. In February 2022, the Superior Court of Orange County, California, entered judgment for the
Company, JPI, and three other pharmaceutical manufacturers on public nuisance and deceptive marketing claims
brought by four California local governments, holding that the plaintiffs had failed to prove that any defendant’s
marketing was deceptive or that any defendant’s allegedly deceptive marketing led to medically inappropriate
prescribing. The California plaintiffs appealed from that judgment, but abandoned their appeal after electing to
participate in the Company’s national settlement agreement.

In October 2019, after settling an initial test case brought by two Ohio counties in the Ohio MDL, the Company
announced a proposed agreement in principle with a negotiating committee of state Attorneys General to settle all
remaining government opioid litigation claims nationwide. Under the final national settlement agreement, which was
announced in July 2021, the Company agreed to pay up to $ 5.0billion to resolve all opioid lawsuits and future
opioid claims by states, cities, counties, local school districts and other special districts, and tribal
governments, contingent on sufficient participation by eligible government entities, and with credits back for
entities that declined or were ineligible to participate. In July 2021, the Company announced that the terms of the
agreement to settle the state and subdivision claims had been finalized and approximately half of the all-in
settlement was paid by the first fiscal quarter of 2023. The expected payment schedule provides that approximately
$ 0.6billion of payments are to be paid by the end of the first fiscal quarter of 2024. The agreement is not an
admission of liability or wrongdoing, and it provides for the release of all opioid-related claims against the
Company, JPI, and their affiliates (including the Company’s former subsidiaries Tasmanian Alkaloids Pty, Ltd. and
Noramco, Inc.). By February 2022, 45 states, five territories, the District of Columbia, and the vast majority of
eligible subdivisions had elected to participate in the settlement. The Company confirmed that this level of
participation was sufficient to proceed with the agreement, which became effective in April 2022. Also in 2022, the
Company completed separate settlements with most of the government entities that had declined to participate in the
national settlement agreement, including all federally-recognized tribes, the States of Alabama, New Hampshire, and
West Virginia and their participating subdivisions, and litigating Oklahoma subdivisions. Consequently, by the end
of the fiscal year 2022, the Company and JPI had settled or otherwise resolved the opioid claims advanced by all
government entity claimants except the State of Washington and its subdivisions, the City of Baltimore, a number of
school districts and other special district claimants, and a handful of others.

The Company and JPI continue to defend the cases brought by the remaining government entity litigants as well as
the cases brought by private litigants, including NAS claimants, hospitals, and health insurers/payors. Counting
the private litigant cases, there are approximately 55remaining opioid cases against the Company and JPI in various
state courts, 545remaining cases in the Ohio MDL, and 20additional cases in other federal courts. Several of these
cases are scheduled for trial in 2023, 2024, or 2025. In addition, the Province of British Columbia filed suit
against the Company and its Canadian affiliate Janssen Inc., and many other industry members, in Canada, and is
seeking to have that action certified as an opt in class action on behalf of other provincial/territorial and the
federal governments in Canada. Additional proposed class actions have been filed in Canada against the Company and
Janssen Inc., and many other industry members, by and on behalf of people who used opioids (for personal injuries),
municipalities and First Nations bands. These actions allege a variety of claims related to opioid marketing
practices, including false advertising, unfair competition, public nuisance, consumer fraud violations, deceptive
acts and practices, false claims and unjust enrichment. The suits generally seek penalties and/or injunctive and
monetary relief and, in some of the suits, the plaintiffs are seeking joint and several liability among the
defendants. An adverse judgment in any of these lawsuits could result in the imposition of large monetary penalties
and significant damages including, punitive damages, cost of abatement, substantial fines, equitable remedies and
other sanctions.

From June 2017 through December 2019, the Company’s Board of Directors received a series of shareholder demand
letters alleging breaches of fiduciary duties related to the marketing of opioids. The Board retained independent
counsel to investigate the allegations in the demands, and in April 2020, independent counsel delivered a report to
the Board recommending that the Company reject the shareholder demands and take the steps that are necessary or
appropriate to secure dismissal of related derivative litigation. The Board unanimously adopted the recommendations
of the independent counsel’s report.

In November 2019, one of the shareholders who sent a demand filed a derivative complaint against the Company as the
nominal defendant and certain current and former directors and officers as defendants in the Superior Court of New
Jersey. The complaint alleges breaches of fiduciary duties related to the marketing of opioids, and that the
Company has suffered damages as a result of those alleged breaches. A series of additional derivative complaints
making similar allegations against the same and similar defendants were filed in New Jersey state and federal
courts in 2019 and 2020. By 2022, all but two state court cases had been voluntarily dismissed. In February 2022,
the state court granted the Company’s motion to dismiss one of the two cases, and the shareholder that brought the
second case filed a notice of dismissal. The shareholder whose complaint was dismissed filed a motion for
reconsideration. In May 2022, the state court held oral argument on the motion for reconsideration and subsequently
denied the motion. The shareholder has appealed the state court’s dismissal order.

PRODUCT LIABILITY

The Company and certain of its subsidiaries are involved in numerous product liability claims and lawsuits
involving multiple products. Claimants in these cases seek substantial compensatory and, where available, punitive
damages. While the Company believes it has substantial defenses, it is not feasible to predict the ultimate outcome
of litigation. From time to time, even if it
                                                        29                                                         
Table of Content

has substantial defenses, the Company considers isolated settlements based on a variety of circumstances. The
Company has accrued for these matters and will continue to monitor each related legal issue and adjust accruals as
might be warranted based on new information and further developments in accordance with ASC 450-20-25. The Company
accrues an estimate of the legal defense costs needed to defend each matter when those costs are probable and can
be reasonably estimated. For certain of these matters, the Company has accrued additional amounts such as estimated
costs associated with settlements, damages and other losses. Product liability accruals can represent projected
product liability for thousands of claims around the world, each in different litigation environments and with
different fact patterns. Changes to the accruals may be required in the future as additional information becomes
available.
The table below contains the most significant of these cases and provides the approximate number of plaintiffs in
the United States with direct claims in pending lawsuits regarding injuries allegedly due to the relevant product
or product category as of April 2, 2023:
                                                                             
  Product or product category                          Number of Plaintiffs  
  Body powders containing talc, primarily JOHNSON’S                  40,330  
  Baby Powder                                                                
  DePuy ASR XL Acetabular System and DePuy ASR Hip                      160  
  Resurfacing System                                                         
  PINNACLE Acetabular Cup System                                        940  
  Pelvic meshes                                                       8,780  
  ETHICON PHYSIOMESH Flexible Composite Mesh                          2,070  
  RISPERDAL                                                             520  
  ELMIRON                                                             2,070  
  TYLENOL                                                               200  
                                                                             
The number of pending lawsuits is expected to fluctuate as certain lawsuits are settled or dismissed and additional
lawsuits are filed.

MedTech

DePuy ASR XL Acetabular System and ASR Hip Resurfacing System

In August 2010, DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. (DePuy) announced a worldwide voluntary recall of its ASR XL Acetabular
System and DePuy ASR Hip Resurfacing System (ASR Hip) used in hip replacement surgery. Claims for personal injury
have been made against DePuy and the Company. Cases filed in federal courts in the United States have been
organized as a multi-district litigation in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio.
Litigation has also been filed in countries outside of the United States, primarily in the United Kingdom, Canada,
Australia, Ireland, Germany, India and Italy. In November 2013, DePuy reached an agreement with a Court-appointed
committee of lawyers representing ASR Hip plaintiffs to establish a program to settle claims with eligible ASR Hip
patients in the United States who had surgery to replace their ASR Hips, known as revision surgery, as of August
2013. DePuy reached additional agreements in February 2015 and March 2017, which further extended the settlement
program to include ASR Hip patients who had revision surgeries after August 2013 and prior to February 15, 2017.
This settlement program has resolved more than 10,000claims, thereby bringing to resolution significant ASR Hip
litigation activity in the United States. However, lawsuits in the United States remain, and the settlement program
does not address litigation outside of the United States. In Australia, a class action settlement was reached that
resolved the claims of the majority of ASR Hip patients in that country. In Canada, the Company has reached
agreements to settle the class actions filed in that country. The Company continues to receive information with
respect to potential additional costs associated with this recall on a worldwide basis. The Company has established
accruals for the costs associated with the United States settlement program and ASR Hip-related product liability
litigation.

DePuy PINNACLE Acetabular Cup System

Claims for personal injury have also been made against DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. and the Company (collectively,
DePuy) relating to the PINNACLE Acetabular Cup System used in hip replacement surgery. Product liability lawsuits
continue to be filed, and the Company continues to receive information with respect to potential costs and the
anticipated number of cases. Most cases filed in federal courts in the United States have been organized as a
multi-district litigation in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas (Texas MDL).
Beginning on June 1, 2022, the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation ceased transfer of new cases into the
Texas MDL, and there are now cases pending in federal court outside the Texas MDL. Litigation also has been filed
in state courts and in countries outside of the United States. During the first quarter of 2019, DePuy established
a United States settlement program to resolve these cases. As part of the settlement program, adverse verdicts have
been settled. The Company has established an accrual for product liability litigation associated with the PINNACLE
Acetabular Cup System and the related settlement program.
                                                        30                                                         
Table of Content

Ethicon Pelvic Mesh

Claims for personal injury have been made against Ethicon, Inc. (Ethicon) and the Company arising out of Ethicon’s
pelvic mesh devices used to treat stress urinary incontinence and pelvic organ prolapse. The Company continues to
receive information with respect to potential costs and additional cases. Cases filed in federal courts in the
United States had been organized as a multi-district litigation (MDL) in the United States District Court for the
Southern District of West Virginia. In March 2021, the MDL Court entered an order closing the MDL. The MDL Court
has remanded cases for trial to the jurisdictions where the case was originally filed and additional pelvic mesh
lawsuits have been filed, and remain, outside of the MDL. The Company has settled or otherwise resolved the
majority of the United States cases and the estimated costs associated with these settlements and the remaining
cases are reflected in the Company’s accruals. In addition, class actions and individual personal injury cases or
claims seeking damages for alleged injury resulting from Ethicon’s pelvic mesh devices have been commenced in
various countries outside of the United States, including claims and cases in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands,
Belgium, France, Ireland, Italy, Spain and Slovenia and class actions in Israel, Australia, Canada and South
Africa. In November 2019, the Federal Court of Australia issued a judgment regarding its findings with respect to
liability in relation to the three Lead Applicants and generally in relation to the design, manufacture, pre- and
post-market assessments and testing, and supply and promotion of the devices in Australia used to treat stress
urinary incontinence and pelvic organ prolapse. In September 2022, after exhausting its appeals, the Company
reached an in-principle agreement to resolve the two pelvic mesh class actions in Australia and in March 2023 the
Federal Court approved the settlement. The class actions in Canada were discontinued in 2020 as a result of a
settlement of a group of cases and an agreement to resolve the Israeli class action was reached in May 2021. The
parties in the Israeli class action are currently finalizing the terms of the settlement. A motion to approve the
settlement was filed with the Court. The Company has established accruals with respect to product liability
litigation associated with Ethicon’s pelvic mesh products.

Ethicon Physiomesh

Following a June 2016 worldwide market withdrawal of Ethicon Physiomesh Flexible Composite Mesh (Physiomesh),
claims for personal injury have been made against Ethicon, Inc. (Ethicon) and the Company alleging personal injury
arising out of the use of this hernia mesh device. Cases filed in federal courts in the United States have been
organized as a multi-district litigation (MDL) in the United States District Court for the Northern District of
Georgia. A multi-county litigation (MCL) also has been formed in New Jersey state court and assigned to Atlantic
County for cases pending in New Jersey. In addition to the matters in the MDL and MCL, there are additional
lawsuits pending in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio, which are part of the MDL
for polypropylene mesh devices manufactured by C.R. Bard, Inc., and lawsuits pending in two New Jersey MCLs formed
for Proceed/Proceed Ventral Patch and Prolene Hernia systems, and lawsuits pending outside the United States. In
May 2021, Ethicon and lead counsel for the plaintiffs entered into a term sheet to resolve approximately
3,600Physiomesh cases (covering approximately 4,300plaintiffs) pending in the MDL and MCL at that time. A master
settlement agreement (MSA) was entered into in September 2021 and includes 3,729cases in the MDL and MCL. All
deadlines and trial settings in those proceedings are currently stayed pending the completion of the settlement
agreement. Of the cases subject to the MSA, 2,308have been dismissed with prejudice. Ethicon has received releases
from 3,496plaintiffs, and releases continue to be submitted as part of the settlement process. Post-settlement
cases in the Physiomesh MDL and MCL are subject to docket control orders requiring early expert reports and
discovery requirements. As of March 2023, there are approximately 225active cases subject to these orders which are
being reviewed and evaluated.

Claims have also been filed against Ethicon and the Company alleging personal injuries arising from the PROCEED
Mesh and PROCEED Ventral Patch hernia mesh products. In March 2019, the New Jersey Supreme Court entered an order
consolidating these cases pending in New Jersey as an MCL in Atlantic County Superior Court. Additional cases have
been filed in various federal and state courts in the United States, and in jurisdictions outside the United
States.

Ethicon and the Company also have been subject to claims for personal injuries arising from the PROLENE
Polypropylene Hernia System. In January 2020, the New Jersey Supreme Court created an MCL in Atlantic County
Superior Court to handle such cases. Cases involving this product have also been filed in other federal and state
courts in the United States.

In October 2022, an agreement in principle, subject to various conditions, was reached to settle the majority of
the pending cases involving Proceed, Proceed Ventral Patch, Prolene Hernia System and related multi-layered mesh
products. All litigation activities in the two New Jersey MCLs are stayed pending resolution of the proposed
settlement. Future cases that are filed in the New Jersey MCLs will be subject to docket control orders requiring
early expert reports and discovery requirements.

The Company has established accruals with respect to product liability litigation associated with Ethicon
Physiomesh Flexible Composite Mesh, PROCEED Mesh and PROCEED Ventral Patch, and PROLENE Polypropylene Hernia System
products.
                                                        31                                                         
Table of Content

Pharmaceuticals

RISPERDAL

Claims for personal injury have been made against Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the Company arising out of the
use of RISPERDAL, and related compounds, indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia, acute manic or mixed
episodes associated with bipolar I disorder and irritability associated with autism. Lawsuits primarily have been
filed in state courts in Pennsylvania, California, and Missouri. Other actions are pending in various courts in the
United States and Canada. Product liability lawsuits continue to be filed, and the Company continues to receive
information with respect to potential costs and the anticipated number of cases. The Company has successfully
defended a number of these cases but there have been verdicts against the Company, including a verdict in October
2019 of $ 8.0billion of punitive damages related to one plaintiff, which the trial judge reduced to $ 6.8million in
January 2020. In September 2021, the Company entered into a settlement in principle with the counsel representing
plaintiffs in this matter and in substantially all of the outstanding cases in the United States. The costs
associated with this and other settlements are reflected in the Company’s accruals.

ELMIRON

Claims for personal injury have been made against a number of Johnson & Johnson companies, including Janssen
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the Company, arising out of the use of ELMIRON, a prescription medication indicated for
the relief of bladder pain or discomfort associated with interstitial cystitis. These lawsuits, which allege that
ELMIRON contributes to the development of permanent retinal injury and vision loss, have been filed in both state
and federal courts across the United States. In December 2020, lawsuits filed in federal courts in the United
States, including putative class action cases seeking medical monitoring, were organized as a multi-district
litigation in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. In addition, cases have been filed
in various state courts of New Jersey, which have been coordinated in a multi-county litigation in Bergen County,
as well as the Court of Common Pleas in Philadelphia, which have been coordinated and granted mass tort
designation. In addition, three class action lawsuits have been filed in Canada. Product liability lawsuits
continue to be filed, and the Company continues to receive information with respect to potential costs and the
anticipated number of cases. The Company has established accruals for defense and indemnity costs associated with
ELMIRON related product liability litigation.

Consumer Health

TYLENOL

Claims for personal injury have been made against Johnson and Johnson Consumer Inc. (JJCI), arising out of the use
of TYLENOL, an over-the-counter pain medication, alleging that prenatal exposure to acetaminophen is associated
with the development of autism spectrum disorder and/or attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder. In October 2022,
lawsuits filed in federal courts in the United States were organized as a multi-district litigation in the United
States District Court for the Southern District of New York. In addition, lawsuits have been filed in Canada
against Johnson & Johnson Inc. and the Company. Product liability lawsuits continue to be filed, and the Company
continues to receive information with respect to potential costs and the anticipated number of cases. The Company
has established accruals for defense costs associated with TYLENOL related product liability litigation.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

Certain subsidiaries of the Company are subject, from time to time, to legal proceedings and claims related to
patent, trademark and other intellectual property matters arising out of their businesses. Many of these matters
involve challenges to the coverage and/or validity of the patents on various products and allegations that certain
of the Company’s products infringe the patents of third parties. Although these subsidiaries believe that they have
substantial defenses to these challenges and allegations with respect to all significant patents, there can be no
assurance as to the outcome of these matters. A loss in any of these cases could adversely affect the ability of
these subsidiaries to sell their products, result in loss of sales due to loss of market exclusivity, require the
payment of past damages and future royalties, and may result in a non-cash impairment charge for any associated
intangible asset.

Pharmaceuticals - Litigation Against Filers of Abbreviated New Drug Applications (ANDAs)

The Company’s subsidiaries have brought lawsuits against generic companies that have filed ANDAs with the U.S. FDA
(or similar lawsuits outside of the United States) seeking to market generic versions of products sold by various
subsidiaries of the Company prior to expiration of the applicable patents covering those products. These lawsuits
typically include allegations of non-infringement and/or invalidity of patents listed in FDA’s publication
“Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations” (commonly known as the Orange Book). In each of
these lawsuits, the Company’s subsidiaries are seeking an order enjoining the defendant from marketing a generic
version of a product before the expiration of the relevant patents (Orange Book Listed Patents). In the event the
Company’s subsidiaries are not successful in an action, or any automatic statutory stay expires before the court
rulings are obtained, the generic companies involved would have the ability, upon regulatory approval, to introduce
generic versions of their products to the market, resulting in the potential for substantial
                                                        32                                                         
Table of Content

market share and revenue losses for the applicable products, and which may result in a non-cash impairment charge
in any associated intangible asset. In addition, from time to time, the Company’s subsidiaries may settle these
types of actions and such settlements can involve the introduction of generic versions of the products at issue to
the market prior to the expiration of the relevant patents.

The Inter Partes Review (IPR) process with the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO), created under the
2011 America Invents Act, is also being used at times by generic companies in conjunction with ANDAs and lawsuits
to challenge the applicable patents.

XARELTO

Beginning in March 2021, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Bayer Pharma AG; Bayer AG; and Bayer Intellectual Property
GmbH filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have
filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of XARELTO before expiration of certain Orange Book Listed
Patents. The following entities are named defendants: Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc.; Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories,
Ltd.; Lupin Limited; Lupin Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.; Taro Pharmaceuticals U.S.A.,
Inc.; Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc.; Mylan Pharmaceuticals Inc.; Mylan Inc.; USV Private Limited; Mankind Pharma
Limited; Epic Pharma, LLC; Apotex Inc.; Apotex Corp.; Biocon Pharma Limited; Biocon Limited; Biocon Pharma, Inc.;
and ScieGen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The following U.S. patents are included in one or more cases: 9,539,218; and
10,828,310. In March 2023, the Company entered into a confidential settlement with Epic Pharma, LLC.

U.S. Patent No. 10,828,310 is also under consideration by the USPTO in an IPR proceeding.

OPSUMIT

Beginning in January 2023 Actelion Pharmaceuticals Ltd and Actelion Pharmaceuticals US, Inc. filed patent
infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking
approval to market generic versions of OPSUMIT before expiration of certain Orange Book Listed Patents. The
following entities are named defendants: Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Limited; Sun Pharmaceutical Industries,
Inc.; Alembic Pharmaceuticals Ltd.; and Alembic Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The following U.S. patents are included in
one or more cases: 7,094,781; and 10,946,015.

Beginning in May 2020, Janssen Inc. and Actelion Pharmaceuticals Ltd initiated a Statement of Claim under Section 6
of the Patented Medicines (Notice of Compliance) Regulations in Canada against generic manufacturers who have filed
ANDSs seeking approval to market generic versions of OPSUMIT before expiration of certain listed patents. The
following entities are named defendants: Sandoz Canada Inc.; Apotex Inc.; and Generic Medical Partners Inc. In
March 2023, the Company entered into a confidential settlement agreement with Generic Medical Partners Inc. The
following Canadian patent is included in one or more cases: 2,659,770 .

INVEGA SUSTENNA

Beginning in January 2018, Janssen Pharmaceutica NV and Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed patent infringement
lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to
market generic versions of INVEGA SUSTENNA before expiration of the Orange Book Listed Patent. The following
entities are named defendants: Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc.; Mylan Laboratories Limited; Pharmascience Inc.;
Mallinckrodt PLC; Specgx LLC; Tolmar, Inc.; and Accord Healthcare, Inc. The following U.S. patent is included in
one or more cases: 9,439,906.

Beginning in February 2018, Janssen Inc. and Janssen Pharmaceutica NV initiated a Statement of Claim under Section
6 of the Patented Medicines (Notice of Compliance) Regulations against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDSs
seeking approval to market generic versions of INVEGA SUSTENNA before expiration of the listed patent. The
following entities are named defendants: Teva Canada Limited; Pharmascience Inc.; and Apotex Inc. The following
Canadian patent is included in one or more cases: 2,655,335.

INVEGA TRINZA

Beginning in September 2020, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Janssen Pharmaceutica NV, and Janssen Research &
Development, LLC filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers
who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of INVEGA TRINZA before expiration of the Orange
Book Listed Patent. The following entities are named defendants: Mylan Laboratories Limited; Mylan Pharmaceuticals
Inc.; and Mylan Institutional LLC. The following U.S. patent is included in one or more cases: 10,143,693.

IMBRUVICA

Beginning in September 2021, Pharmacyclics LLC and Janssen Inc. initiated a Statement of Claim under Section 6 of
the Patented Medicines (Notice of Compliance) Regulations against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDSs
seeking approval to market generic versions of IMBRUVICA before expiration of certain listed patents. The following
entities are named defendants: Natco Pharma (Canada) Inc.; and Sandoz Canada Inc. The following patents are
included in one or more cases: 2,663,116; 2,928,721; 2,800,913; 3,007,787; 3,007,788; 2,875,986; and 3,022,256.
                                                        33                                                         
Table of Content

SYMTUZA

Beginning in November 2021, Janssen Products, L.P., Janssen Sciences Ireland Unlimited Company, Gilead Sciences,
Inc. and Gilead Sciences Ireland UC filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against
generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of SYMTUZA before expiration
of certain Orange Book Listed Patents. The following entities are named defendants: Lupin Limited; Lupin
Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; MSN Laboratories Private Ltd.; MSN Life Sciences Private Ltd.; MSN Pharmaceuticals Inc.;
Apotex Inc.; and Apotex Corp. The following U.S. patents are included in one or more cases: 10,039,718 and
10,786,518.

ERLEADA

Beginning in May 2022, Aragon Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Janssen Biotech, Inc., Sloan Kettering Institute for Cancer
Research and The Regents of the University of California filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States
district courts against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of
ERLEADA before expiration of certain Orange Book Listed Patents. The following entities are named defendants: Lupin
Limited; Lupin Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Zydus Worldwide DMCC; Zydus Pharmaceuticals (USA), Inc.; Zydus Lifesciences
Limited; Sandoz Inc.; Eugia Pharma Specialities Limited; Aurobindo Pharma USA, Inc.; Auromedics Pharma LLC; Hetero
Labs Limited Unit V; and Hetero USA, Inc. The following U.S. patents are included in one or more cases: 9,481,663;
9,884,054; 10,052,314; 10,702,508; 10,849,888; 8,445,507; 8,802,689; 9,388,159; 9,987,261; and RE49,353.

UPTRAVI

Beginning in November 2022, Actelion Pharmaceuticals US Inc., Actelion Pharmaceuticals Ltd and Nippon Shinyaku Co.,
Ltd. filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have
filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of UPTRAVI before expiration of certain Orange Book Listed
Patents. The following entities are named defendants: Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited, Alembic Pharmaceuticals
Inc.; Lupin Ltd.; Lupin Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Cipla Limited; and Cipla USA Inc. The following U.S. patents are
included in one or more cases: 8,791,122; 9,284,280; and 7,205,302.

GOVERNMENT PROCEEDINGS

Like other companies in the pharmaceutical, consumer health and medical devices industries, the Company and certain
of its subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation by national, state and local government agencies in the
United States and other countries in which they operate. Such regulation has been the basis of government
investigations and litigations. The most significant litigation brought by, and investigations conducted by,
government agencies are listed below. It is possible that criminal charges and substantial fines and/or civil
penalties or damages could result from government investigations or litigation.

MedTech

In August 2012, DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc., DePuy, Inc. (now known as DePuy Synthes, Inc.), and Johnson & Johnson
Services, Inc. (collectively DePuy) received an informal request from the United States Attorney’s Office for the
District of Massachusetts and the Civil Division of the United States Department of Justice (the United States) for
the production of materials relating to the DePuy ASR XL Hip device. In July 2014, the United States notified the
United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts that it had declined to intervene in a qui tam case
filed pursuant to the False Claims Act against the companies concerning the hip devices. In February 2016, the
District Court granted the companies’ motion to dismiss with prejudice, unsealed the qui tam complaint, and denied
the qui tam relators’ request for leave to file a further amended complaint. The qui tam relators appealed the case
to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. In July 2017, the First Circuit affirmed the District
Court’s dismissal in part, reversed in part, and affirmed the decision to deny the relators’ request to file a
third amended complaint. In March 2021, DePuy filed its motion to strike and dismiss the relators’ second amended
complaint; the District Court denied DePuy’s motion to strike and dismiss in July 2021. DePuy filed a motion for
reconsideration of the District Court’s July 2021 ruling. In November 2021, the District Court granted DePuy’s
motion for reconsideration and dismissed the case with prejudice. The District Court’s order was unsealed in
December 2021. The relators filed several post-dismissal motions, including a January 2022 omnibus motion for
reconsideration, which the District Court denied. Following the District Court’s order dismissing the case with
prejudice, DePuy filed a December 2021 motion seeking the recovery of attorneys’ fees and costs, which the District
Court denied except as to costs. The Relators have appealed the District Court’s dismissal of the case to the First
Circuit. The briefing on the appeal is complete, the First Circuit held oral argument on December 6, 2022, and the
First Circuit’s decision remains pending.

In October 2012, the Company was contacted by the California Attorney General’s office regarding a multi-state
Attorney General investigation of the marketing of surgical mesh products for hernia and urogynecological purposes
by the Company’s subsidiary, Ethicon, Inc. (Ethicon). In May 2016, California and Washington filed civil complaints
against the Company, Ethicon and Ethicon US, LLC alleging violations of their consumer protection statutes. Similar
complaints were filed against the companies by the following states: Kentucky, Mississippi, West Virginia and
Oregon. In October 2019, the Company and Ethicon settled the multi-state investigation with 41 other states and the
District of Columbia. Between April 2019 and February
                                                        34                                                         
Table of Content

2023, the Company settled with Washington, West Virginia, Oregon, Mississippi and Kentucky. The California case
started trial in July 2019 and concluded in September 2019. In January 2020, the Court in California issued a
statement of decision, finding in favor of the State of California, and awarded civil penalties in the amount of $
344million. In April 2020, the Court in California denied the Company’s motion for a new trial. In August 2020, the
Court entered judgment with respect to the penalties of $ 344million, but denied the Attorney General’s request for
injunctive relief. The Company appealed the penalty judgment. In April 2022, the Court of Appeals reduced the
judgment to $ 302million, but otherwise denied the appeal. In July 2022, the Supreme Court of California denied the
Company’s petition to review the Court of Appeals decision, and the Company recorded a charge to reflect the
judgment in the second quarter of 2022. In November 2022, the Company petitioned the United States Supreme Court
for review. In February 2023, the Company’s petition to the United States Supreme Court was denied.

In June 2017, the Company received a subpoena from the United States Attorney’s Office for the District of
Massachusetts seeking information regarding practices pertaining to the sterilization of DePuy Synthes, Inc.
(DePuy) spinal implants at three hospitals in Boston as well as interactions of employees of Company subsidiaries
with physicians at these hospitals. The Company and DePuy fully cooperated with the government’s investigation. In
January 2023, the Company, DePuy Synthes, Inc., and DePuy Synthes Sales Inc. entered into a settlement agreement
with the United States resolving the matter for an immaterial amount. The only claim remaining before the United
States District Court for the District of Massachusetts is the Relator’s employment retaliation claim.

In July 2018, the Public Prosecution Service in Rio de Janeiro and representatives from the Brazilian antitrust
authority CADE inspected the offices of more than 30 companies including Johnson & Johnson do Brasil Indústria e
Comércio de Produtos para Saúde Ltda. The authorities appear to be investigating allegations of possible anti-
competitive behavior and possible improper payments in the medical device industry. The Company continues to
respond to inquiries regarding the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act from the United States Department of Justice and
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

Pharmaceuticals

The Company and several of its pharmaceutical subsidiaries (the J&J AWP Defendants), along with numerous other
pharmaceutical companies, were named as defendants in a series of lawsuits in state and federal courts involving
allegations that the pricing and marketing of certain pharmaceutical products amounted to fraudulent and otherwise
actionable conduct because, among other things, the companies allegedly reported an inflated Average Wholesale
Price (AWP) for the drugs at issue. Payors alleged that they used those AWPs in calculating provider reimbursement
levels. The plaintiffs in these cases included three classes of private persons or entities that paid for any
portion of the purchase of the drugs at issue based on AWP, and state government entities that made Medicaid
payments for the drugs at issue based on AWP. Many of these cases, both federal actions and state actions removed
to federal court, were consolidated for pre-trial purposes in a multi-district litigation in the United States
District Court for the District of Massachusetts, where all claims against the J&J AWP Defendants were ultimately
dismissed. The J&J AWP Defendants also prevailed in a case brought by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Other AWP
cases have been resolved through court order or settlement. The case brought by Illinois was settled after trial.
In New Jersey, a putative class action based upon AWP allegations is pending against Centocor, Inc. and Ortho
Biotech Inc. (both now Janssen Biotech, Inc.), the Company and ALZA Corporation. All other cases have been
resolved.

In July 2016, the Company and Janssen Products, LP were served with a qui tam complaint pursuant to the False
Claims Act filed in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey alleging the off-label
promotion of two HIV products, PREZISTA and INTELENCE, and anti-kickback violations in connection with the
promotion of these products. The complaint was filed under seal in December 2012. The federal and state governments
have declined to intervene, and the lawsuit is being prosecuted by the relators. The Court denied summary judgment
on all claims in December 2021. Daubert motions were granted in part and denied in part in January 2022, and the
case is proceeding to trial.

In March 2017, Janssen Biotech, Inc. (JBI) received a Civil Investigative Demand from the United States Department
of Justice regarding a False Claims Act investigation concerning management and advisory services provided to
rheumatology and gastroenterology practices that purchased REMICADE or SIMPONI ARIA. In August 2019, the United
States Department of Justice notified JBI that it was closing the investigation. Subsequently, the United States
District Court for the District of Massachusetts unsealed a qui tam False Claims Act complaint, which was served on
the Company. The Department of Justice had declined to intervene in the qui tam lawsuit in August 2019. The Company
filed a motion to dismiss, which was granted in part and denied in part. Discovery is underway.

In April and September 2017, the Company received subpoenas from the United States Attorney for the District of
Massachusetts seeking documents broadly relating to pharmaceutical copayment support programs for DARZALEX, OLYSIO,
REMICADE, SIMPONI, STELARA and ZYTIGA. The subpoenas also seek documents relating to Average Manufacturer Price and
Best Price reporting to the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services related to those products, as well as rebate
payments to state Medicaid agencies. The Company has provided documents in response to the subpoenas.
                                                        35                                                         
Table of Content

From time to time, the Company has received requests from a variety of United States Congressional Committees to
produce information relevant to ongoing congressional inquiries. It is the policy of Johnson & Johnson to cooperate
with these inquiries by producing the requested information.

GENERAL LITIGATION

The Company (subsequently substituted by Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. (JJCI)) along with more than 120 other
companies, is a defendant in a cost recovery and contribution action brought by Occidental Chemical Corporation in
June 2018 in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, related to the clean-up of a section
of the Lower Passaic River in New Jersey.

The Company or its subsidiaries are also parties to various proceedings brought under the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, commonly known as Superfund, and comparable state, local
or foreign laws in which the primary relief sought is the cost of past and/or future remediation.

In October 2017, certain United States service members and their families brought a complaint against a number of
pharmaceutical and medical devices companies, including Johnson & Johnson and certain of its subsidiaries in United
States District Court for the District of Columbia, alleging that the defendants violated the United States Anti-
Terrorism Act. The complaint alleges that the defendants provided funding for terrorist organizations through their
sales practices pursuant to pharmaceutical and medical device contracts with the Iraqi Ministry of Health. In July
2020, the District Court dismissed the complaint. In January 2022, the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit reversed the District Court’s decision. In February 2023, defendants petition for
rehearing on the decision was denied.

MedTech

In October 2020, Fortis Advisors LLC (Fortis), in its capacity as representative of the former stockholders of
Auris Health Inc. (Auris), filed a complaint against the Company, Ethicon Inc., and certain named officers and
employees (collectively, Ethicon) in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. The complaint alleges breach
of contract, fraud, and other causes of action against Ethicon in connection with Ethicon’s acquisition of Auris in
2019. The complaint seeks damages and other relief. In December 2021, the Court granted in part and denied in part
defendants’ motion to dismiss certain causes of action. All claims against the individual defendants were
dismissed. The trial is scheduled for January 2024.

In October 2019, Innovative Health, LLC filed a complaint against Biosense Webster, Inc. (BWI) in the United States
District Court for the Middle District of California. The complaint alleges that certain of BWI’s business
practices and contractual terms violate the antitrust laws of the United States and the State of California by
restricting competition in the sale of High Density Mapping Catheters and Ultrasound Catheters. In December 2021,
BWI filed a motion for summary judgment. In March 2022, the Court granted BWI’s motion for summary judgment. In
April 2022, Innovative appealed this ruling to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Oral
argument has been set for June 2023.

Pharmaceuticals

Beginning in September 2017, multiple purported class actions were filed on behalf of indirect purchasers of
REMICADE against the Company and Janssen Biotech, Inc. (collectively, Janssen) alleging that Janssen has violated
federal antitrust laws through its contracting strategies for REMICADE. The cases were consolidated for pre-trial
purposes as In re REMICADE Antitrust Litigation in United States District Court for the Eastern District of
Pennsylvania. This case was settled in February 2022. The Court issued final approval in March 2023.

In June 2019, the United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) issued a Civil Investigative Demand to the Company
and Janssen Biotech, Inc. (collectively, Janssen) in connection with its investigation of whether Janssen’s
REMICADE contracting practices violate federal antitrust laws. The Company has produced documents and information
responsive to the Civil Investigative Demand. Janssen is in ongoing discussions with the FTC staff regarding its
inquiry.

In February 2022, the United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) issued Civil Investigative Demands to Johnson &
Johnson and Janssen Biotech, Inc. (collectively, Janssen) in connection with its investigation of whether
advertising practices for REMICADE violate federal law. Janssen has produced documents and information responsive
to the Civil Investigative Demands. Janssen is in ongoing discussions with the FTC staff regarding the inquiry.

In June 2022, Genmab A/S filed a Notice for Arbitration with International Institute for Conflict Prevention and
Resolution (CPR) against Janssen Biotech, Inc. seeking milestones and an extended royalty term for Darzalex FASPRO.
Janssen filed its Notice of Defense in July 2022. Genmab and Janssen have cross-moved for early disposition of the
arbitration. In April 2023, the Arbitration Panel ruled in Janssen's favor and dismissed Genmab's claims. In April
2023, Genmab announced that it intends to appeal the award.
                                                        36                                                         
Table of Content

In October 2018, two separate putative class actions were filed against Actelion Pharmaceutical Ltd., Actelion
Pharmaceuticals U.S., Inc., and Actelion Clinical Research, Inc. (collectively Actelion) in United States District
Court for the District of Maryland and United States District Court for the District of Columbia. The complaints
allege that Actelion violated state and federal antitrust and unfair competition laws by allegedly refusing to
supply generic pharmaceutical manufacturers with samples of TRACLEER. TRACLEER is subject to a Risk Evaluation and
Mitigation Strategy required by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, which imposes restrictions on distribution
of the product. In January 2019, the plaintiffs dismissed the District of Columbia case and filed a consolidated
complaint in the United States District Court for the District of Maryland.

In May 2019, a class action antitrust complaint was filed against Janssen R&D Ireland (Janssen) and Johnson &
Johnson in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. The complaint alleges that
Janssen violated federal and state antitrust and consumer protection laws by agreeing to exclusivity provisions in
its agreements with Gilead concerning the development and marketing of combination antiretroviral therapies (cART)
to treat HIV. The complaint also alleges that Gilead entered into similar agreements with Bristol-Myers Squibb and
Japan Tobacco. In December 2021, several insurance companies and other payers filed individual “Opt-Out” complaints
containing allegations similar to the original complaint. In September 2022, the Court granted in part and denied
in part plaintiff’s motion for class certification. Trial was scheduled for May 2023; in March 2023, the Court
issued an order dividing the matter into two separate trials. The first trial, scheduled for May 2023, relates to
claims that do not involve Janssen. The court did not set a date for trial on the claims that do involve Janssen.

In June 2022, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed a Demand for Arbitration against Emergent Biosolutions Inc. et al
(EBSI) with the American Arbitration Association, alleging that EBSI breached the parties’ Manufacturing Services
Agreement for the Company’s COVID-19 vaccine. In July 2022, Emergent filed its answering statement and
counterclaims. The hearing is scheduled for March 2024.

In October 2022, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed a Demand for Arbitration against Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp.
with the American Arbitration Association pursuant to the Parties’ agreements relating to production of drug
substance and drug product for the Company’s COVID-19 vaccine. Also in October 2022, Merck filed its answer and
counterclaims. The hearing is scheduled for September 2023.

Consumer Health

In November 2019, the Company received a demand for indemnification from Pfizer Inc. (Pfizer), pursuant to the 2006
Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement between the Company and Pfizer. Also in November 2019, Johnson & Johnson Inc.
received notice reserving rights to claim indemnification from Sanofi Consumer Health, Inc. (Sanofi), pursuant to
the 2016 Asset Purchase Agreement between Johnson & Johnson Inc. and Sanofi. In January 2020, Johnson & Johnson
received a demand for indemnification from Boehringer Ingelheim Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Boehringer Ingelheim),
pursuant to the 2006 Asset Purchase Agreement among the Company, Pfizer, and Boehringer Ingelheim. In November
2022, Johnson & Johnson received a demand for indemnification from GlaxoSmithKline LLC (GSK), pursuant to the 2006
Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement between the Company and Pfizer, and certain 1993, 1998, and 2002 agreements
between Glaxo Wellcome and Warner-Lambert entities. The notices seek indemnification for legal claims related to
over-the-counter ZANTAC (ranitidine) products. Plaintiffs in the underlying actions allege that ZANTAC and other
over-the-counter ranitidine medications contain unsafe levels of NDMA (N-nitrosodimethylamine) and can cause and/or
have caused various cancers in patients using the products, and seek injunctive and monetary relief. The Company
and Johnson & Johnson Inc. have also been named in putative class actions filed in Canada with similar allegations
regarding ZANTAC or ranitidine use. Johnson & Johnson Inc. was also named as a defendant along with other
manufacturers in various personal injury actions in Canada related to ZANTAC products. Johnson & Johnson Inc. has
provided Sanofi notice reserving rights to claim indemnification pursuant to the 2016 Asset Purchase Agreement
related to the class actions and personal injury actions.

Beginning in May 2021, multiple putative class actions were filed in state and federal courts (California, Florida,
New York, and New Jersey) against various Johnson & Johnson entities alleging violations of state consumer fraud
statutes based on nondisclosure of alleged benzene contamination of certain Neutrogena and Aveeno sunscreen
products and the affirmative promotion of those products as “safe”; and, in at least one case, alleging a strict
liability manufacturing defect and failure to warn claims, asserting that the named plaintiffs suffered unspecified
injuries as a result of alleged exposure to benzene. The Judicial Panel on Multi-District Litigation has
consolidated all pending actions, except one product liability case and one case pending in New Jersey state court,
in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida, Fort Lauderdale Division. In October
2021, the Company reached an agreement in principle for the settlement of a nationwide class, encompassing the
claims of the consolidated actions, subject to approval by the Florida federal Court. In December 2021, plaintiffs
in the consolidated actions filed a motion for preliminary approval of a nationwide class settlement. The court
issued an order granting final approval of the settlement in February 2023. A Notice of Appeal was filed in April
2023.
                                                        37                                                         
Table of Content

Item 2 — MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Sales to Customers

Analysis of Consolidated Sales

For the fiscal first quarter of 2023, worldwide sales were $24.7 billion, a total increase of 5.6%, which included
operational growth of 9.0% and a negative currency impact of 3.4% as compared to 2022 fiscal first quarter sales of
$23.4 billion. In the fiscal first quarter of 2023, the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on worldwide
operational sales growth was a positive 1.4%.

Sales by U.S. companies were $12.5 billion in the fiscal first quarter of 2023, which represented an increase of
9.7% as compared to the prior year. In the fiscal first quarter of 2023, the net impact of acquisitions and
divestitures on the U.S. operational sales growth was a positive 2.3%. Sales by international companies were $12.2
billion, a total increase of 1.8%, which included operational growth of 8.3% and a negative currency impact of
6.5%. In the fiscal first quarter of 2023, the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on the international
operational sales growth was a positive 0.4%.

In the fiscal first quarter of 2023, sales by companies in Europe achieved growth of 5.1%, which included
operational growth of 10.0% and a negative currency impact of 4.9%. Sales by companies in the Western Hemisphere,
excluding the U.S., achieved growth of 7.1%, including operational growth of 14.3% and a negative currency impact
of 7.2%. Sales by companies in the Asia-Pacific, Africa region experienced a decline of 4.3%, including operational
growth of 4.1% offset by a negative currency impact of 8.4%.
                                        Note: values may have been rounded                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                        38                                                         
Table of Content

Analysis of Sales by Business Segments

Consumer Health
Consumer Health segment sales in the fiscal first quarter of 2023 were $3.9 billion, an increase of 7.4% as
compared to the same period a year ago, including operational growth of 11.3% and a negative currency impact of
3.9%. U.S. Consumer Health segment sales increased by 11.4%. International Consumer Health segment sales increased
by 4.4% including operational growth of 11.3% and a negative currency impact of 6.9%. In the fiscal first quarter
of 2023, the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on the Consumer Health segment operational sales growth
was negligible.

Major Consumer Health Franchise Sales — Fiscal First Quarter Ended
                                                                                                                   
                                                                         Total       Operations       Currency     
  (Dollars in Millions)            April 2, 2023       April 3, 2022    Change           Change         Change     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  OTC(1)                        $          1,642    $          1,461      12.4  %          15.8  %        -3.4  %  
  Skin Health/Beauty                       1,110               1,012       9.7             13.1           -3.4     
  Oral Care                                  361                 366      -1.3              2.1           -3.4     
  Baby Care                                  359                 355       1.0              6.5           -5.5     
  Women’s Health                             217                 228      -4.8              4.1           -8.9     
  Wound Care/Other                           164                 164      -0.1              2.5           -2.6     
  Total Consumer Health         $          3,852    $          3,586       7.4  %          11.3  %        -3.9  %  
  Sales                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
The OTC franchise achieved operational growth of 15.8% as compared to the prior year fiscal first quarter. The
growth was driven by price actions, exceptionally high Cough/Cold/Flu incidences primarily in Europe, and one-time
supply replenishment reflected in TYLENOL, MOTRIN, NICORETTE and IMODIUM.

The Skin Health/Beauty franchise achieved operational growth of 13.1% as compared to the prior year fiscal first
quarter. The growth was driven by price actions, one-time supply replenishment and sun season pipeline fill, and
e-commerce and club channel performance driven by new product innovations in NEUTROGENA and AVEENO. The growth was
partially offset by U.S. portfolio simplification and competitive pressures.

The Oral Care franchise achieved operational growth of 2.1% as compared to the prior year fiscal first quarter. The
growth was driven by U.S. price actions, partially offset by category deceleration outside the U.S. and the
negative impact from suspension of personal care sales in Russia.

The Baby Care franchise achieved operational growth of 6.5% as compared to the prior year fiscal first quarter. The
growth was driven by price actions, one-time supply replenishment and lapping of a prior year reserve true-up
outside the U.S. The growth was partially offset by the negative impact from suspension of personal care sales in
Russia.

The Women’s Health franchise achieved operational growth of 4.1% as compared to the prior year fiscal first quarter
primarily driven by price actions and strong performance in India partially offset by the negative impact from
suspension of personal care sales in Russia.

The Wound Care/Other franchise achieved operational growth of 2.5% as compared to the prior year fiscal first
quarter primarily driven by price actions and strong demand in Canada.

In November 2021, the Company announced its intention to separate the Company’s Consumer Health business (Kenvue as
the name for the planned New Consumer Health Company), with the intention to create a new, publicly traded company
by the end of the fiscal year 2023, pending market conditions.
                                                        39                                                         
Table of Content

Pharmaceutical
Pharmaceutical segment sales in the fiscal first quarter of 2023 were $13.4 billion, an increase of 4.2% as
compared to the same period a year ago, including an operational increase of 7.2% and a negative currency impact of
3.0%. U.S. Pharmaceutical sales increased 5.9% as compared to the same period a year ago. International
Pharmaceutical sales increased by 2.4%, including operational growth of 8.6% and a negative currency impact of
6.2%. In the fiscal first quarter of 2023, the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on the Pharmaceutical
segment operational sales growth was negligible.

Major Pharmaceutical Therapeutic Area Sales** — Fiscal First Quarter Ended
                                                                                                                   
  (Dollars in                                                  Total           Operations           Currency       
  Millions)              April 2, 2023       April 3, 2022    Change               Change             Change       
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Immunology          $          4,112    $          4,119      -0.2      %           2.5      %        -2.7    %  
  REMICADE                         487                 663     -26.5                -25.0               -1.5       
  SIMPONI/ SIMPONI                 537                 571      -5.8                 -1.9               -3.9       
  ARIA                                                                                                             
  STELARA                        2,444               2,288       6.8                  9.6               -2.8       
  TREMFYA                          640                 590       8.4                 11.0               -2.6       
  Other Immunology                   3                   6            -51.3                -51.3              0.0  
  Infectious                     1,586               1,297      22.3                 26.4               -4.1       
  Diseases                                                                                                         
  COVID-19 VACCINE                 747                 457      63.4                 70.8               -7.4       
  EDURANT/rilpivi…                 280                 248      12.8                 18.0               -5.2       
  PREZISTA/                                                                                                        
  PREZCOBIX/                       477                 501      -4.8                 -3.7               -1.1       
  REZOLSTA/SYMTUZA                                                                                                 
  Other Infectious                  82                  91      -9.8                 -8.0               -1.8       
  Diseases                                                                                                         
  Neuroscience                   1,804               1,741              3.6           6.1               -2.5       
  CONCERTA/                        206                 157      31.4                 38.2               -6.8       
  methylphenidate                                                                                                  
  INVEGA SUSTENNA/                                                                                                 
  XEPLION/ INVEGA                1,044               1,048      -0.4                  1.7               -2.1       
  TRINZA/TREVICTA                                                                                                  
  SPRAVATO                         131                  70      86.9                 88.0               -1.1       
  Other                            423                 467      -9.4                 -6.9               -2.5       
  Neuroscience(1)                                                                                                  
  Oncology                       4,112               3,950       4.1                  7.7               -3.6       
  CARVYKTI                          72                   —                *                    *           —       
  DARZALEX                       2,264               1,856      22.0                 25.7               -3.7       
  ERLEADA                          542                 400      35.6                 40.3               -4.7       
  IMBRUVICA                        827               1,038     -20.3                -17.2               -3.1       
  ZYTIGA/                                                                                                          
  abiraterone                      245                 539     -54.5                -50.9               -3.6       
  acetate                                                                                                          
  Other Oncology                   162                 118      37.4                 41.0               -3.6       
  Pulmonary                        872                 852       2.4                  5.0               -2.6       
  Hypertension                                                                                                     
  OPSUMIT                          440                 443      -0.7                  2.3               -3.0       
  UPTRAVI                          362                 325      11.4                 12.4               -1.0       
  Other Pulmonary                   70                  83     -16.1                 -9.3               -6.8       
  Hypertension                                                                                                     
  Cardiovascular /                                                                                                 
  Metabolism /                     927                 910       1.8                  3.0               -1.2       
  Other                                                                                                            
  XARELTO                          578                 508      13.7                 13.7                  —       
  Other(2)                         349                 402     -13.2                -10.5               -2.7       
  Total                                                                                                            
  Pharmaceutical      $         13,413    $         12,869       4.2      %           7.2      %        -3.0    %  
  Sales                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
* Percentage greater than 100% or not meaningful

**Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation

(1) Inclusive of RISPERDAL CONSTA which was previously disclosed separately

(2) Inclusive of INVOKANA which was previously disclosed separately
                                                        40                                                         
Table of Content

Immunology products achieved operational growth of 2.5% as compared to the same period a year ago driven by market
growth and share growth of STELARA (ustekinumab) in Crohn’s disease and Ulcerative Colitis partially offset by
unfavorable patient mix and price. Additionally, strong growth of TREMFYA (guselkumab) was due to share gains in
Psoriasis and Psoriatic Arthritis partially offset by unfavorable patient mix. Lower sales of REMICADE (infliximab)
were due to biosimilar competition.

Biosimilar versions of REMICADE have been introduced in the United States and certain markets outside the United
States and additional competitors continue to enter the market. Continued infliximab biosimilar competition will
result in a further reduction in sales of REMICADE.

The latest expiring United States composition of matter patent for STELARA (ustekinumab) expires in September 2023.
STELARA (ustekinumab) U.S. sales in fiscal 2022 were approximately $6.4 billion. Third parties have filed
abbreviated Biologics License Applications with the FDA seeking approval to market biosimilar versions of STELARA.
In the event the Company is not successful in defending its patent claims in related lawsuits, biosimilar versions
of STELARA may be introduced to the market, potentially resulting in substantial market share and revenue losses.
There is also risk that one or more competitors could launch a biosimilar version of the product at issue following
regulatory approval even though one or more valid patents are in place.

Infectious disease products achieved operational growth of 26.4% as compared to the same period a year ago. Growth
was primarily driven by COVID-19 vaccine revenue (which is now substantially complete) and EDURANT (rilpivirine)
sales. This was partially offset by lower sales of PREZISTA and PREZCOBIX/REZOLSTA (darunavir/cobicistat) due to
increased competition outside the U.S.

Neuroscience products achieved operational sales growth of 6.1% as compared to the same period a year ago. Growth
of SPRAVATO (esketamine) was driven by ongoing launches in the U.S. and Europe as well as increased patient demand.
Paliperidone long-acting injectables growth was due to the strength of INVEGA SUSTENNA/XEPLION (paliperidone
palmitate) and INVEGA TRINZA/TREVICTA driven by new patient starts and persistence of treatment as well as the
launch of INVEGA HAFYERA/BYANNLI. This was partially offset by the XEPLION loss of exclusivity in the European
Union.

Oncology products achieved operational sales growth of 7.7% as compared to the same period a year ago. Strong sales
of DARZALEX (daratumumab) were driven by share gains in all regions, continued market growth, and strong FASPRO
adoption. Growth of ERLEADA (apalutamide) was due to continued strong share gains, market growth, and increased
penetration from new launches. Sales of CARVYKTI (ciltacabtagene autoleucel) were driven by continued market share
gains and the ongoing phased launch. Growth was partially offset by ZYTIGA (abiraterone acetate) due to loss of
exclusivity and IMBRUVICA (ibrutinib) due to global competitive pressures.

Pulmonary Hypertension achieved operational sales growth of 5.0% as compared to the same period a year ago. Sales
growth was due to market and volume growth from UPTRAVI (selexipag) and OPSUMIT (macitentan) partially offset by
declines in Other Pulmonary Hypertension.

Cardiovascular / Metabolism / Other products achieved operational growth of 3.0% as compared to the same period a
year ago. The growth of XARELTO (rivaroxaban) was primarily driven by favorable patient mix and market growth
partially offset by share loss.

The Company maintains a policy that no end customer will be permitted direct delivery of product to a location
other than the billing location. This policy impacts contract pharmacy transactions involving non-grantee 340B
covered entities for most of the Company’s drugs, subject to multiple exceptions. Both grantee and non-grantee
covered entities can maintain certain contract pharmacy arrangements under policy exceptions. The Company has been
and will continue to offer 340B discounts to covered entities on all of its covered outpatient drugs, and it
believes its policy will improve its ability to identify inappropriate duplicate discounts and diversion prohibited
by the 340B statute. The 340B Drug Pricing Program is a U.S. federal government program requiring drug
manufacturers to provide significant discounts on covered outpatient drugs to covered entities. This policy had
discount implications which positively impacted sales to customers in the fiscal first quarter of 2023.
                                                        41                                                         
Table of Content
                                                                                                                   
  MedTech                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
The MedTech segment sales in the fiscal first quarter of 2023 were $7.5 billion, an increase of 7.3% as compared to
the same period a year ago, which included operational growth of 11.0% and a negative currency impact of 3.7%. U.S.
MedTech sales increased 16.6%. International MedTech sales decreased by 0.6%, including operational growth of 6.2%
offset by a negative currency impact of 6.8%. In the fiscal first quarter of 2023, the net impact of acquisitions
and divestitures on the MedTech segment operational sales growth was a positive 4.6%, related to the Abiomed
acquisition.

Major MedTech Franchise Sales** — Fiscal First Quarter Ended
                                                                                                                   
                                                                         Total       Operations       Currency     
  (Dollars in Millions)            April 2, 2023       April 3, 2022    Change           Change         Change     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Surgery                       $          2,434    $          2,434       0.0  %           4.1  %        -4.1  %  
  Advanced                                 1,118               1,146      -2.5              1.6           -4.1     
  General                                  1,316               1,288       2.2              6.4           -4.2     
  Orthopaedics                             2,245               2,188       2.6              5.1           -2.5     
  Hips                                       390                 389       0.4              2.7           -2.3     
  Knees                                      368                 339       8.7             11.3           -2.6     
  Trauma                                     757                 748       1.2              3.4           -2.2     
  Spine, Sports & Other                      729                 712       2.4              5.2           -2.8     
  Interventional Solutions                 1,503               1,092      37.6             41.9           -4.3     
  Electrophysiology                        1,092               1,002       9.1             13.3           -4.2     
  Abiomed                                    324                   —         *                *              —     
  Other Interventional                        87                  90      -3.9              1.1           -5.0     
  Solutions                                                                                                        
  Vision                                   1,300               1,257       3.4              7.6           -4.2     
  Contact Lenses/Other                       953                 910       4.7              9.3           -4.6     
  Surgical                                   347                 347       0.1              3.1           -3.0     
  Total MedTech Sales           $          7,481    $          6,971       7.3  %          11.0  %        -3.7  %  
                                                                                                                   
* Percentage greater than 100% or not meaningful

**Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation

The Surgery franchise achieved operational sales growth of 4.1% as compared to the prior year fiscal first quarter.
The operational growth in Advanced Surgery was primarily driven by the following: Biosurgery global procedure
recovery, the strength from new products and a differentiated portfolio; and Energy products double digit growth in
the U.S. with improved procedure volumes and strength of new products partially offset by volume-based procurement
in China and product supply challenges; partially offset by Endocutter decline primarily due to volume-based
procurement in China, competitive pressures predominately in the U.S. and supply challenges partially offset by
positive uptake from recently launched products. The operational growth in General Surgery was primarily driven by
improved procedure volumes coupled with technology penetration and benefits from differentiated Wound Closure
portfolio.

The Orthopaedics franchise achieved operational sales growth of 5.1% as compared to the prior year fiscal first
quarter. The operational growth in hips reflects global procedure recovery and strength across the portfolio. This
was partially offset by impacts of volume-based procurement in China and supply challenges. The operational growth
in knees was primarily driven by global procedure recovery, strength of the ATTUNE portfolio and pull through
related to the VELYS Robotic assisted solution. This was partially offset by impacts of volume-based procurement in
China. The operational growth in Trauma was driven by the adoption of recently launched products. This was
partially offset by softer procedure volumes compared to the prior year and impacts of volume-based procurement in
China. The operational growth in Spine, Sports & Other was primarily driven by market growth and positive new
product performance in Digital Solutions, shoulders and spine. This was partially offset by impacts of volume-based
procurement in China and continued competitive pressures in Spine.

The Interventional Solutions franchise achieved operational sales growth of 41.9% as compared to the prior year
fiscal first quarter which includes sales from Abiomed acquired on December 22, 2022. Electrophysiology grew by
double digits in all regions except Asia Pacific which reflects the impacts of COVID-19 procedure disruption and
volume-based procurement in China.
                                                        42                                                         
Table of Content

The Vision franchise achieved operational sales growth of 7.6% as compared to the prior year fiscal first quarter.
The Contact Lenses/Other operational growth was primarily driven by the market recovery, continued strong
performance in the ACUVUE OASYS 1-Day family (including recent launches) and effective commercial execution. This
was partially offset by supply challenges. The Surgical operational growth was primarily driven by the strength in
Monofocal IOLs partially offset by softer refractive and premium IOL markets and supply challenges.

ANALYSIS OF CONSOLIDATED EARNINGS BEFORE PROVISION FOR TAXES ON INCOME

Consolidated earnings/loss before provision for taxes on income for the fiscal first quarter of 2023 was a loss of
$0.7 billion representing (3.0)% of sales as compared to earnings of $5.9 billion in the fiscal first quarter of
2022, representing 25.0% of sales primarily driven by the $6.9 billion charge related to the talc settlement
proposal.
                                                                                                                   
  Cost of Products Sold                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
                    (Dollars in billions. Percentages in chart are as a percent to total sales)                    
Q1 2023 versus Q1 2022

Cost of products sold increased as a percent to sales primarily driven by:

• one-time COVID-19 vaccine manufacturing related exit costs and mix in the Pharmaceutical business

• Commodity inflation and Abiomed amortization in the MedTech business

The intangible asset amortization expense included in cost of products sold for the fiscal first quarters of 2023
and 2022 was $1.2 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively.
                                                                                                                   
  Selling, Marketing and Administrative Expenses                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                    (Dollars in billions. Percentages in chart are as a percent to total sales)                    
Q1 2023 versus Q1 2022

Selling, Marketing and Administrative Expenses decreased as a percent to sales primarily driven by:

• A reduction in brand marketing expenses in the Pharmaceutical business
                                                        43                                                         
Table of Content
                                                                                                                   
  Research and Development Expense                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                    (Dollars in billions. Percentages in chart are as a percent to total sales)                    
Q1 2023 versus Q1 2022

Research and Development decreased as a percent to sales driven by:

• a reduction in COVID-19 Vaccine related expenses

partially offset by

• portfolio progression in the Pharmaceutical business
                                                                                                                   
  In-Process Research and Development (IPR&D)                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
In the fiscal first quarter of 2023, the Company recorded a charge of approximately $0.1 billion associated with
the IPR&D acquired with Pulsar Vascular in 2016. In the fiscal first quarter of 2022, the Company recorded an
intangible asset impairment charge of approximately $0.6 billion related to an in-process research and development
asset, bermekimab (JnJ-77474462), an investigational drug for the treatment of Atopic Dermatitis (AD) and
Hidradenitis Suppurativa (HS). The Company acquired all rights to bermekimab from XBiotech, Inc. in the fiscal year
2020.
                                                                                                                   
  Interest (Income) Expense                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
Interest income in the fiscal first quarter of 2023 was $235 million as compared to $22 million in the fiscal first
quarter of 2022 primarily due to higher rates of interest earned on cash balances. Interest expense in the fiscal
first quarter of 2023 was $215 million as compared to interest expense of $10 million in the same period a year ago
primarily due to a higher debt balance at higher interest rates. The balance of cash, cash equivalents, restricted
cash and current marketable securities was $32.3 billion ($24.6 billion unrestricted and $7.7 billion restricted)
at the end of the fiscal first quarter of 2023 as compared to $30.4 billion at the end of the fiscal first quarter
of 2022. The Company’s debt position was $52.9 billion ($7.7 billion related to Kenvue debt) as of April 2, 2023,
as compared to $33.1 billion the same period a year ago.
                                                                                                                   
  Other (Income) Expense, Net*                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Q1 2023 versus Q1 2022

Other (income) expense, net for the fiscal first quarter of 2023 was unfavorable by $7.3 billion as compared to the
prior year primarily due to the following:
                                                                        
  Fiscal First Quarter                                                  
  (Dollars in Billions)(Income)/Expense         2023    2022    Change  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Litigation related(1)                      $   6.9     0.0       6.9  
  Consumer Health separation costs               0.3     0.1       0.2  
  COVID-19 Vaccine related exit costs            0.2     0.0       0.2  
  Changes in the fair value of securities        0.1     0.4      -0.3  
  Employee benefit plan related                 -0.4    -0.3      -0.1  
  Other                                          0.1    -0.3       0.4  
  Total Other (Income) Expense, Net          $   7.2    -0.1       7.3  
                                                                        
(1) Related to the talc settlement proposal
                                                        44                                                         
Table of Content

*Other (income) expense, net is the account where the Company records gains and losses related to the sale and
write-down of certain investments in equity securities held by Johnson & Johnson Innovation - JJDC, Inc. (JJDC),
changes in the fair value of securities, gains and losses on divestitures, gains and losses on sale of assets,
certain transactional currency gains and losses, acquisition-related costs, litigation accruals and settlements,
investment (income)/loss related to employee benefit plans, as well as royalty income.

EARNINGS BEFORE PROVISION FOR TAXES BY SEGMENT

Income (loss) before tax by segment of business for the fiscal first quarters were as follows:
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                   Percent of                      
                      Income                           Segment                        Segment                      
  (Dollars        Before Tax                             Sales                          Sales                      
  in                April 2,         April 3,         April 2,         April 3,      April 2,         April 3,     
  Millions)             2023             2022             2023             2022          2023             2022     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Consumer     $         776    $         686    $       3,852    $       3,586          20.1  %          19.1  %  
  Health                                                                                                           
  Pharmace…            4,444            3,924           13,413           12,869          33.1             30.5     
  MedTech              1,445            1,477            7,481            6,971          19.3             21.2     
  Segment                                                                                                          
  earnings             6,665            6,087           24,746           23,426          26.9             26.0     
  before                                                                                                           
  tax                                                                                                              
  Less:                                                                                                            
  Expenses                                                                                                         
  not                  7,102              123                                                                      
  allocated                                                                                                        
  to                                                                                                               
  segments…                                                                                                        
  Less:                                                                                                            
  Consumer                                                                                                         
  Health                 300              102                                                                      
  separati…                                                                                                        
  costs                                                                                                            
  Worldwide                                                                                                        
  income/(…    $        -737    $       5,862    $      24,746    $      23,426          -3.0  %          25.0  %  
  before                                                                                                           
  tax                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
(1) Amounts not allocated to segments include interest (income) expense and general corporate (income) expense. The
fiscal first quarter of 2023 includes the incremental $6.9 billion charge related to the talc settlement proposal.
                                                                                                                   
  Consumer Health Segment                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
The Consumer Health segment income before tax as a percent of sales in the fiscal first quarter of 2023 was 20.1%
versus 19.1% for the same period a year ago. The increase in the income before tax as a percent of sales in the
fiscal first quarter of 2023 as compared to the prior year was primarily driven by the following:

• pricing actions

partially offset by

• commodity inflation
                                                                                                                   
  Pharmaceutical Segment                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
The Pharmaceutical segment income before tax as a percent of sales in the fiscal first quarter of 2023 was 33.1%
versus 30.5% for the same period a year ago. The increase in the income before tax as a percent of sales for the
fiscal first quarter as compared to the prior year was primarily driven by the following:

• An IPR&D charge of $0.6 billion in 2022 related to bermekimab (JnJ-77474462), an investigational drug for the
treatment of AD and Hidradenitis Suppurativa (HS)

• Unfavorable changes in the fair value of securities in 2022 of $0.4 billion

• Leveraging in selling and marketing expenses

partially offset by

• COVID-19 Vaccine related exit costs of $0.4 billion in 2023

• Restructuring charges of $0.1 billion in 2023

• Unfavorable product mix
                                                                                                                   
  MedTech Segment                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
The MedTech segment income before tax as a percent of sales in the fiscal first quarter of 2023 was 19.3% versus
21.2% for the same period a year ago. The decrease in the income before tax as a percent of sales for the fiscal
first quarter was primarily driven by the following:

• Higher amortization expense of $0.1 billion in 2023 related to Abiomed

• An IPR&D charge in 2023 of approximately $0.1 billion related to the Pulsar Vascular acquisition

• Acquisition costs related to Abiomed

• Commodity inflation in 2023

partially offset by

• No Restructuring charges in 2023 versus $0.1 billion in 2022

• Proactive management of costs
                                                        45                                                         
Table of Content
                                                                                                                   
  Restructuring                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
In the first quarter of 2023, the Company completed a prioritization of its research and development (R&D)
investment within the Pharmaceutical segment to focus on the most promising medicines with the greatest benefit to
patients. This resulted in the exit of certain programs including the discontinuation of its respiratory syncytial
virus (RSV) adult vaccine program, HIV and hepatitis. The pre-tax restructuring charge of approximately $0.1
billion in the fiscal first quarter of 2023 includes the termination of partnered and non-partnered program costs
and asset impairments. In the fiscal first quarter of 2022, the Company recorded a pre-tax charge of $0.1 billion
related to a restructuring program of its Global Supply Chain. The Global Supply Chain program was announced in the
second quarter of 2018 and was completed in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2022.
                                                                                                                   
  Provision for Taxes on Income                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
The worldwide effective income tax rate for the first fiscal three months of 2023 was 90.8% in 2023 and 12.2% in
2022.

On December 15, 2022, the European Union (EU) Member States formally adopted the EU’s Pillar Two Directive, which
generally provides for a minimum effective tax rate of 15%, as established by the Organization for Economic Co-
operation and Development (OECD) Pillar Two Framework that was supported by over 130 countries worldwide. The EU
effective dates are January 1, 2024, and January 1, 2025, for different aspects of the directive. A significant
number of other countries are also implementing similar legislation. The Company is continuing to evaluate the
potential impact on future periods of the Pillar Two Framework, pending legislative adoption by additional
individual countries, including those within the European Union.

Subsequent to April 2, 2023, as part of the planned separation of the Company’s Consumer Health business the
Company anticipates the recognition of approximately $0.5 billion in incremental international tax costs due to the
reorganization of certain international subsidiaries in the fiscal second quarter of 2023. During the fiscal year
2023, the Company is expected to incur additional tax costs related to the legal separation of the Consumer Health
business.

For discussion related to the 2023 provision for taxes refer to Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Cash Flows

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash were $26.9 billion at the end of the fiscal first quarter of 2023 as
compared with $14.1 billion at the end of fiscal year 2022. The primary sources and uses of cash that contributed
to the $12.8 billion increase were:
                                                                                          
     (Dollars In Billions)                                                                
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  $                   14.1    Q4 2022 Cash and cash equivalents balance                   
                       3.3    net cash generated from operating activities                
                       3.3    net cash generated from investing activities                
                       6.1    net cash generated from financing activities                
                       0.1    rounding                                                    
  $                   26.9    Q1 2023 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash balance  
                                                                                          
In addition, the Company had $5.4 billion in marketable securities at the end of the fiscal first quarter of 2023
and $9.4 billion at the end of fiscal year 2022.
                                                        46                                                         
Table of Content

Cash flow from operations of $3.3 billion was the result of:
                                                                                                                   
     (Dollars In Billions)                                                                                         
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  $                   -0.1    Net Loss                                                                             
                              non-cash expenses and other adjustments primarily for depreciation and               
                       1.1    amortization, stock-based compensation, asset write-downs and credit losses and      
                              accounts receivable allowances partially offset by the deferred tax provision and    
                              net gain on sale of assets/businesses                                                
                      -0.6    an increase in accounts receivable and inventories                                   
                      -2.6    a decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities                               
                      -0.9    an increase in other current and non-current assets                                  
                       6.3    an increase in other current and non-current liabilities                             
                       0.1    Rounding                                                                             
  $                    3.3    Cash Flow from operations                                                            
                                                                                                                   
Cash flow from investing activities of $3.3 billion was primarily from:
                                                                         
     -Dollars In Billions                                                
                     -0.9    additions to property, plant and equipment  
                      4.0    net sales of investments                    
                      0.2    credit support agreements activity, net     
  $                   3.3    Net cash from investing activities          
                                                                         
Cash flow from financing activities of $6.1 billion was primarily from:
                                                                                            
     (Dollars In                                                                            
       Billions)                                                                            
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  $         -2.9         dividends to shareholders                                          
            -3.5         repurchase of common stock                                         
                  5.2    net proceeds from short term debt and repayment of long term debt  
             7.7         proceeds from Kenvue long term debt, net of issuance cost          
  $         -0.4         other and rounding                                                 
  $          6.1         Net cash from financing activities                                 
                                                                                            
The Company has access to substantial sources of funds at numerous banks worldwide. In September 2022, the Company
secured a new 364-day Credit Facility of $10 billion, which expires on September 7, 2023. In November 2022, the
Company secured an additional 364-day revolving Credit Facility of $10 billion, which has an expiration of November
21, 2023. Interest charged on borrowings under the credit line agreement is based on either Secured Overnight
Financing Rate (SOFR) Reference Rate or other applicable market rate as allowed plus applicable margins. Commitment
fees under the agreement are not material.

In March 2023, Kenvue, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, priced an offering of senior unsecured notes in an
aggregate principal amount of $7.75 billion (See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
details). The senior unsecured notes (the Notes) will be senior unsecured obligations of Kenvue and will initially
be fully and unconditionally guaranteed (the Guarantees) on a senior unsecured basis by the Company. The Guarantees
will terminate upon (1) the completion in all material respects of the transfer of the assets and liabilities of
Johnson & Johnson’s Consumer Health Business to Kenvue and (2) Kenvue having registered equity securities. The
Notes were issued in connection with Johnson & Johnson’s separation of its Consumer Health Business. Kenvue intends
to use the proceeds from the offering of the Notes as partial consideration to Johnson & Johnson for the Consumer
Health Business that Johnson & Johnson will transfer to Kenvue. The proceeds of the Notes offering were placed in a
segregated escrow account pending the transfer of the assets and liabilities of the Consumer Health Business to
Kenvue and as such, classified as restricted cash as of the balance sheet date. On April 5, 2023, the net proceeds
of the Notes were released from escrow upon completion of the Consumer Health Business transfer.
                                                        47                                                         
Table of Content

Further, in March 2023, Kenvue entered into a credit agreement providing for a five-year senior unsecured revolving
credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility) in an aggregate principal amount of $4.0 billion to be made
available in U.S. dollars and Euros. The Revolving Credit Facility contains representations and warranties,
covenants and events of default that are customary for this type of financing, including covenants restricting the
incurrence of liens and the entry into certain merger transactions. In addition, Kenvue entered into a commercial
paper program (the Commercial Paper Program) of up to $4.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of commercial
paper under the Commercial Paper Program. The Commercial Paper Program contains representations and warranties,
covenants and default that are customary for this type of financing.

Subsequent to the fiscal first quarter, on April 24, 2023, the Company announced that Kenvue has launched a
roadshow for the initial public offering (“IPO”) of 151,204,000 shares of its common stock. Kenvue expects to grant
the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 22,680,600 shares of its common stock to cover
over-allotments, if any. The IPO price is currently expected to be between $20.00 and $23.00 per share. Kenvue has
applied to list its common stock on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “KVUE.” After the completion of
the IPO, Johnson & Johnson will own 1,716,160,000 shares of Kenvue’s common stock, representing 91.9% of the total
outstanding shares of Kenvue’s common stock (or 90.8% if the underwriters exercise in full their over-allotment
option).

As of April 2, 2023, the Company's cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash ($7.7 billion related to Kenvue) and
marketable securities was approximately $32.3 billion and had approximately $52.9 billion of notes payable and
long-term debt ($7.7 billion related to Kenvue) for a net debt position of $20.6 billion as compared to the prior
year net debt position of $2.8 billion. Considering recent market conditions, the Company has re-evaluated its
operating cash flows and liquidity profile and does not foresee any significant incremental risk. The Company
anticipates that operating cash flows, the ability to raise funds from external sources, borrowing capacity from
existing committed credit facilities and access to the commercial paper markets will continue to provide sufficient
resources to fund operating needs, including the Company’s remaining balance to be paid on the agreement to settle
opioid litigation for approximately $2.5 billion and the establishment of the $8.9 billion reserve (present value)
for the talc settlement proposal. (See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details). In
addition, the Company monitors the global capital markets on an ongoing basis and from time to time may raise
capital when market conditions are favorable.

Subsequent to April 2, 2023, the Company paid approximately $3.5 billion to the U.S. Treasury including $1.5
billion related to the current installment due on foreign undistributed earnings as part of the TCJA charge (see
Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended January 1, 2023), $1.4 billion in advance payments to resolve certain items under examination in its 2013
through 2016 U.S. IRS audit, and $0.6 billion primarily related to the normal estimated payment for the fiscal
first quarter of 2023.

On September 14, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program,
authorizing the Company to purchase up to $5.0 billion of the Company’s Common Stock. Any shares acquired will be
available for general corporate purposes. As of April 2, 2023, $5.0 billion has been repurchased and the repurchase
program was completed.

Dividends

On January 3, 2023, the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of $1.13 per share, payable on March 7,
2023, to shareholders of record as of February 21, 2023.

On April 18, 2023, the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of $1.19 per share, payable on June 6,
2023, to shareholders of record as of May 23, 2023. The Company expects to continue the practice of paying regular
quarterly cash dividends.

OTHER INFORMATION

New Accounting Pronouncements

Refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for new accounting pronouncements.

Economic and Market Factors

Russia-Ukraine War

Although the long-term implications of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine are difficult to predict at this time, the
financial impact of the conflict in the fiscal first quarter of 2023, including accounts receivable or inventory
reserves, was not material. As of both the fiscal first quarter ending April 2, 2023, and the 2022 fiscal year
ending January 1, 2023, the business of the Company’s Ukraine subsidiaries represented less than 1% of the
Company’s consolidated assets and revenues. As of both the fiscal first quarter ending April 2, 2023, and the 2022
fiscal year ending January 1, 2023, the business of the Company’s Russian subsidiaries represented less than 1% of
the Company’s consolidated assets and represented 1% of revenues.
                                                        48                                                         
Table of Content

In early March of 2022, the Company took steps to suspend all advertising, enrollment in clinical trials, and any
additional investment in Russia. Additionally, at the end of March 2022, the Company made the decision to suspend
supply of personal care products in Russia. The Company continues to supply its other products as patients rely on
many of the products for healthcare purposes.

The Company operates in certain countries where the economic conditions continue to present significant challenges.
The Company continues to monitor these situations and take appropriate actions. Inflation rates and currency
exchange rates continue to have an effect on worldwide economies and, consequently, on the way the Company
operates. The Company has accounted for operations in Venezuela, Argentina and Turkey (beginning in the fiscal
second quarter of 2022) as highly inflationary, as the prior three-year cumulative inflation rate surpassed 100%.
In the face of increasing costs, the Company strives to maintain its profit margins through cost reduction
programs, productivity improvements and periodic price increases.

Governments around the world consider various proposals to make changes to tax laws, which may include increasing
or decreasing existing statutory tax rates. In connection with various government initiatives, companies are
required to disclose more information to tax authorities on operations around the world, which may lead to greater
audit scrutiny of profits earned in other countries. A change in statutory tax rate in any country would result in
the revaluation of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities related to that particular jurisdiction in the
period in which the new tax law is enacted. This change would result in an expense or benefit recorded to the
Company’s Consolidated Statement of Earnings. The Company closely monitors these proposals as they arise in the
countries where it operates. Changes to the statutory tax rate may occur at any time, and any related expense or
benefit recorded may be material to the fiscal quarter and year in which the law change is enacted.

The Company faces various worldwide health care changes that may continue to result in pricing pressures that
include health care cost containment and government legislation relating to sales, promotions and reimbursement of
health care products.

Changes in the behavior and spending patterns of purchasers of healthcare products and services, including delaying
medical procedures, rationing prescription medications, reducing the frequency of physician visits and foregoing
healthcare insurance coverage, as a result of the current global economic downturn, may continue to impact the
Company’s businesses.

The Company faces regular intellectual property challenges from third parties, including generic and biosimilar
manufacturers, seeking to manufacture and market generic and biosimilar versions of key pharmaceutical products
prior to the expiration of the applicable patents. These challengers file Abbreviated New Drug Applications or
abbreviated Biologics License Applications with the FDA or otherwise challenged the coverage and/or validity of the
Company’s patents. In the event the Company is not successful in defending the patent claims challenged in the
resulting lawsuits, generic or biosimilar versions of the products at issue may be introduced to the market,
resulting in the potential for substantial market share and revenue losses for those products, and which may result
in a non-cash impairment charge in any associated intangible asset. There is also risk that one or more competitors
could launch a generic or biosimilar version of the product at issue following regulatory approval even though one
or more valid patents are in place.

Item 3 — QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

There has been no material change in the Company’s assessment of its sensitivity to market risk since its
presentation set forth in Item 7A, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk,” in its Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2023.

Item 4 — CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Disclosure controls and procedures. At the end of the period covered by this report, the Company evaluated the
effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures. The Company’s disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the
reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without
limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in
the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the
Company’s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing
similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Joaquin Duato, Chief
Executive Officer; Chairman, Executive Committee and Joseph J. Wolk, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer, reviewed and participated in this evaluation. Based on this evaluation, Messrs. Duato and Wolk concluded
that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were
effective.
                                                        49                                                         
Table of Content

Internal control. During the period covered by this report, there were no changes in the Company’s internal control
over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting. The Company continues to monitor and assess the effectiveness
of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures.

Part II — OTHER INFORMATION

Item 1 — LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to Note 11 included in Part I, Item 1,
Financial Statements (unaudited) — Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Item 2 — UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS

(c) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers.

On September 14, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program,
authorizing the Company to purchase up to $5.0 billion of the Company's Common Stock. Share repurchases may be made
at management’s discretion from time to time on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The
repurchase program was completed during the fiscal first quarter of 2023.

The following table provides information with respect to Common Stock purchases by the Company during the fiscal
first quarter of 2023. Common stock purchases on the open market are made as part of a systematic plan to meet the
needs of the Company's compensation programs. The repurchases below also include the stock-for-stock option
exercises that settled in the fiscal first quarter.
                                                                                                                   
                                    Total Number                  Total Number of Shares    Maximum Number of      
  Fiscal Month Period                  of Shares    Avg. Price      Purchased as Part of    Shares that May Yet    
                                    Purchased(1)     Per Share        Publicly Announced    Be Purchased Under     
                                                                    Plans or Programs(2)    the Plans or Programs  
  January 2, 2023                                                                                                  
  through January 29,                  2,507,585        176.23                   635,911    —                      
  2023                                                                                                             
  January 30, 2023                                                                                                 
  through February 26,                18,143,502        162.00                13,852,301    —                      
  2023                                                                                                             
  February 27, 2023                      996,230        156.52                   646,230    —                      
  through April 2, 2023                                                                                            
  Total                               21,647,317        163.39                15,134,442    —                      
                                                                                                                   
(1) During the fiscal first quarter of 2023, the Company repurchased an aggregate of 21,647,317 shares of Johnson &
Johnson Common Stock in open-market transactions, of which 15,134,442 shares were purchased pursuant to the
repurchase program that was publicly announced on September 14, 2022, and of which 6,512,875 shares were purchased
as part of a systematic plan to meet the needs of the Company’s compensation programs.

(2) As of April 2, 2023, an aggregate of 30,546,218 shares were purchased for a total of $5.0 billion since the
inception of the repurchase program announced on September 14, 2022.
                                                        50                                                         
Table of Content

Item 6 — EXHIBITS

Exhibit 10.1 Global Performance Share Unit Award Agreement

Exhibit 10.2 Global Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement

Exhibit 10.3 Global Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement

Exhibit 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer under Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 — Filed with this document.

Exhibit 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer under Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 — Filed with this document.

Exhibit 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 —
Furnished with this document.

Exhibit 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 —
Furnished with this document.

Exhibit 101:
                                                                                                                   
  EX-101.INS      Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because   
                  its                XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document                        
  EX-101.SCH      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema                                                            
  EX-101.CAL      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase                                              
  EX-101.LAB      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase                                                    
  EX-101.PRE      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase                                             
  EX-101.DEF      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document                                               
  Exhibit 104:    Cover Page Interactive Data File––the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the    
                  Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.        
                                                                                                                   
                                                        51                                                         
Table of Content
                                                    SIGNATURES                                                     
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
                                                                                                           
                          JOHNSON & JOHNSON                                                                
                          (Registrant)                                                                     
  Date: April 28, 2023    By /s/ J. J. WOLK                                                                
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                          J. J. WOLK                                                                       
                          Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)  
  Date: April 28, 2023    By /s/ R. J. DECKER Jr.                                                          
                          R. J. DECKER Jr.                                                                 
                          Controller (Principal Accounting Officer)                                        
                                                                                                           
                                                        52                                                         
