                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              Washington, D.C. 20549                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 10-Q                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                
  ☑    Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
                                                                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                  for the quarterly period ended October 1, 2023                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                        or                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                 
  ☐    Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  
       for the transition period from            to                                              
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                           Commission file number 1-3215                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                 Johnson & Johnson                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                               
                                                         
  New Jersey                         22-1024240          
  (State or other jurisdiction of    -I.R.S. Employer    
  incorporation or organization)     Identification No.  
                                                         
                                            One Johnson & Johnson Plaza                                            
                                                                                                                   
                                          New Brunswick, New Jersey 08933                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                     (Address of principal executive offices)                                      
                                                                                                                   
                        Registrant’s telephone number, including area code ( 732) 524-0400                         
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. ☑ Yes ☐ No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to
be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files). ☑ Yes ☐ No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated
filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.
                                                                  
  Large accelerated filer    ☑    Accelerated filer            ☐  
  Non-accelerated filer      ☐    Smaller reporting company    ☐  
  Emerging growth company    ☐                                    
                                                                  
If an emerging growth company, indicated by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). ☐
Yes ☑ No
                            SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT                             
                                                                                                 
  Title of each class               Trading Symbol    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common Stock, Par Value $1.00     JNJ               New York Stock Exchange                    
  0.650% Notes Due May 2024         JNJ24C            New York Stock Exchange                    
  5.50% Notes Due November 2024     JNJ24BP           New York Stock Exchange                    
  1.150% Notes Due November 2028    JNJ28             New York Stock Exchange                    
  1.650% Notes Due May 2035         JNJ35             New York Stock Exchange                    
                                                                                                 
Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer’s classes of common stock, as of the latest
practicable date.

On October 23, 2023, 2,407,278,620shares of Common Stock, $1.00 par value, were outstanding.
                                                                                                                   
                                        JOHNSON & JOHNSON AND SUBSIDIARIES                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                 TABLE OF CONTENTS                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                             
                                                       Page  
                                                        No.  
  Part I — Financial Information                          1  
  Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited)                1  
  Consolidated Balance Sheets —October1, 2023 and         1  
  January 1, 2023                                            
  Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the                
  FiscalThirdQuarters EndedOctober1, 2023                 2  
  andOctober2, 2022                                          
  Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the                
  FiscalNineMonths EndedOctober1, 2023 andOctober2,       3  
  2022                                                       
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income            
  for the FiscalThirdQuarters and FiscalNineMonths        4  
  EndedOctober1, 2023 andOctober2, 2022                      
  Consolidated Statements of Equity for the                  
  FiscalThirdQuarters and FiscalNineMonths                5  
  EndedOctober1, 2023 andOctober2, 2022                      
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the              
  FiscalNineMonths EndedOctober1, 2023 andOctober2,       7  
  2022                                                       
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements              9  
  Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of        43  
  Financial Condition and Results of Operations              
  Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures       58  
  About Market Risk                                          
  Item 4. Controls and Procedures                        58  
  Part II — Other Information                            59  
  Item 1 - Legal Proceedings                             59  
  Item 2 - Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities       59  
  and Use of Proceeds                                        
  Item 5 - Other Information                             59  
  Item 6 - Exhibits                                      60  
  Signatures                                             61  
                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                               CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS                                
                                                                                                                   
This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Johnson & Johnson ’ s other publicly available documents contain “ forward-
looking statements ” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Management and representatives of Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiaries (the
Company) also may from time to time make forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements do not relate
strictly to historical or current facts and reflect management’s assumptions, views, plans, objectives and
projections about the future. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as “plans,”
“expects,” “will,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” and other words of similar meaning in conjunction with, among other
things: discussions of future operations, expected operating results, financial performance; impact of planned
acquisitions and dispositions; impact and timing of restructuring initiatives including associated cost savings and
other benefits; the Company’s strategy for growth; product development activities; regulatory approvals; market
position and expenditures.

Because forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding future
events, they are subject to uncertainties, risks and changes that are difficult to predict and many of which are
outside of the Company’s control. Investors should realize that if underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, or
known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, the Company’s actual results and financial condition could
vary materially from expectations and projections expressed or implied in its forward-looking statements. Investors
are therefore cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include, but are
not limited to:

Risks Related to Product Development, Market Success and Competition

• Challenges and uncertainties inherent in innovation and development of new and improved products and technologies
on which the Company’s continued growth and success depend, including uncertainty of clinical outcomes, additional
analysis of existing clinical data, obtaining regulatory approvals, health plan coverage and customer access, and
initial and continued commercial success;

• Challenges to the Company’s ability to obtain and protect adequate patent and other intellectual property rights
for new and existing products and technologies in the United States and other important markets;

• The impact of patent expirations, typically followed by the introduction of competing generic, biosimilar or
other products and resulting revenue and market share losses;

• Increasingly aggressive and frequent challenges to the Company’s patents by competitors and others seeking to
launch competing generic, biosimilar or other products and increased receptivity of courts, the United States
Patent and Trademark Office and other decision makers to such challenges, potentially resulting in loss of market
exclusivity and rapid decline in sales for the relevant product sooner than expected;

• Competition in research and development of new and improved products, processes and technologies, which can
result in product and process obsolescence;

• Competition to reach agreement with third parties for collaboration, licensing, development and marketing
agreements for products and technologies;

• Competition based on cost-effectiveness, product performance, technological advances and patents attained by
competitors; and

• Allegations that the Company’s products infringe the patents and other intellectual property rights of third
parties, which could adversely affect the Company’s ability to sell the products in question and require the
payment of money damages and future royalties.

Risks Related to Product Liability, Litigation and Regulatory Activity

• Product efficacy or safety concerns, whether or not based on scientific evidence, potentially resulting in
product withdrawals, recalls, regulatory action on the part of the United States Food and Drug Administration (or
international counterparts), declining sales, reputational damage, increased litigation expense and share price
impact;

• The impact, including declining sales and reputational damage, of significant litigation or government action
adverse to the Company, including product liability claims and allegations related to pharmaceutical marketing
practices and contracting strategies;

• The impact of an adverse judgment or settlement and the adequacy of reserves related to legal proceedings,
including patent litigation, product liability, personal injury claims, securities class actions, government
investigations, employment and other legal proceedings;

• Increased scrutiny of the healthcare industry by government agencies and state attorneys general resulting in
investigations and prosecutions, which carry the risk of significant civil and criminal penalties, including, but
not limited to, debarment from government business;

• Failure to meet compliance obligations in compliance agreements with governments or government agencies, which
could result in significant sanctions;

• Potential changes to applicable laws and regulations affecting United States and international operations,
including relating to: approval of new products; licensing and patent rights; sales and promotion of healthcare
products; access to, and reimbursement and pricing for, healthcare products and services; environmental protection;
and sourcing of raw materials;

• Compliance with local regulations and laws that may restrict the Company’s ability to manufacture or sell its
products in relevant markets, including requirements to comply with medical device reporting regulations and other
requirements such as the European Union’s Medical Devices Regulation;

• Changes in domestic and international tax laws and regulations, increasing audit scrutiny by tax authorities
around the world and exposures to additional tax liabilities potentially in excess of existing reserves; and

• The issuance of new or revised accounting standards by the Financial Accounting Standards Board and regulations
by the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Risks Related to the Company’s Strategic Initiatives, Healthcare Market Trends and the Separation of the Company’s
Consumer Health Business

• Pricing pressures resulting from trends toward healthcare cost containment, including the continued consolidation
among healthcare providers and other market participants, trends toward managed care, the shift toward governments
increasingly becoming the primary payers of healthcare expenses, significant new entrants to the healthcare markets
seeking to reduce costs and government pressure on companies to voluntarily reduce costs and price increases;

• Restricted spending patterns of individual, institutional and governmental purchasers of healthcare products and
services due to economic hardship and budgetary constraints;

• Challenges to the Company’s ability to realize its strategy for growth including through externally sourced
innovations, such as development collaborations, strategic acquisitions, licensing and marketing agreements, and
the potential heightened costs of any such external arrangements due to competitive pressures;

• The potential that the expected strategic benefits and opportunities from any planned or completed acquisition or
divestiture by the Company may not be realized or may take longer to realize than expected;

• The potential that the expected benefits and opportunities related to past and ongoing restructuring actions may
not be realized or may take longer to realize than expected;

• The Company’s ability to divest the Company’s remaining ownership interest in Kenvue Inc. (Kenvue) and realize
the anticipated benefits from the separation; and

• Kenvue's ability to succeed as a standalone publicly traded company.

Risks Related to Economic Conditions, Financial Markets and Operating Internationally

• The risks associated with global operations on the Company and its customers and suppliers, including foreign
governments in countries in which the Company operates;

• The impact of inflation and fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange rates and the potential effect
of such fluctuations on revenues, expenses and resulting margins;

• Potential changes in export/import and trade laws, regulations and policies of the United States and other
countries, including any increased trade restrictions or tariffs and potential drug reimportation legislation;

• The impact on international operations from financial instability in international economies, sovereign risk,
possible imposition of governmental controls and restrictive economic policies, and unstable international
governments and legal systems;

• The impact of global public health crises and pandemics;

• Changes to global climate, extreme weather and natural disasters that could affect demand for the Company’s
products and services, cause disruptions in manufacturing and distribution networks, alter the availability of
goods and services within the supply chain, and affect the overall design and integrity of the Company’s products
and operations; and

• The impact of armed conflicts and terrorist attacks in the United States and other parts of the world, including
social and economic disruptions and instability of financial and other markets.
                                                                                                                   
  Risks Related to Supply Chain and Operations                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
• Difficulties and delays in manufacturing, internally, through third-party providers or otherwise within the
supply chain, that may lead to voluntary or involuntary business interruptions or shutdowns, product shortages,
withdrawals or suspensions of products from the market, and potential regulatory action;

• Interruptions and breaches of the Company’s information technology systems or those of the Company’s vendors,
which could result in reputational, competitive, operational or other business harm as well as financial costs and
regulatory action;

• Reliance on global supply chains and production and distribution processes that are complex and subject to
increasing regulatory requirements that may adversely affect supply, sourcing and pricing of materials used in the
Company’s products; and

• The potential that the expected benefits and opportunities related to restructuring actions may not be realized
or may take longer to realize than expected, including due to any required approvals from applicable regulatory
authorities.

Investors also should carefully read the Risk Factors described in Item 1A of the Company's Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2023, for a description of certain risks that could, among other things,
cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from those expressed in its forward-looking statements.
Investors should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and should not consider
the risks described above to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. The Company does not
undertake to publicly update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to time, whether as a result
of new information or future events or developments.

Table of Contents

Part I — FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Item 1 — FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                        JOHNSON & JOHNSON AND SUBSIDIARIES                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                            CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS                                            
                                                                                                                   
                         (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Data)                          
                                                                                             
                                                 October 1, 2023    January 1, 2023          
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  ASSETS                                                                                     
  Current assets:                                                                            
  Cash and cash equivalents (Note 4)          $           19,728             12,889          
  Marketable securities                                    3,783              9,392          
  Accounts receivable, trade, less                        14,798             14,039          
  allowances $160(2022, $169)                                                                
  Inventories (Note 2)                                    11,198             10,268          
  Prepaid expenses and other                               4,196              2,876          
  Current assets of discontinued                               —              5,830          
  operations (Note 12)                                                                       
  Total current assets                                    53,703             55,294          
  Property, plant and equipment at cost                   45,626             43,534          
  Less: accumulated depreciation                         -26,805            -25,552          
  Property, plant and equipment, net                      18,821             17,982          
  Intangible assets, net (Note 3)                         35,021             38,489          
  Goodwill (Note 3)                                       36,124             36,047          
  Deferred taxes on income (Note 5)                        9,259              8,947          
  Other assets                                            13,133              9,212          
  Noncurrent assets of discontinued                            —                     21,407  
  operations (Note 12)                                                                       
  Total assets                                $          166,061            187,378          
  LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY                                                       
  Current liabilities:                                                                       
  Loans and notes payable                     $            3,870             12,756          
  Accounts payable                                         8,355              9,889          
  Accrued liabilities                                     10,101             10,719          
  Accrued rebates, returns and promotions                 15,808             13,579          
  Accrued compensation and employee                        3,337              3,049          
  related obligations                                                                        
  Accrued taxes on income (Note 5)                         2,899              2,220          
  Current liabilities of discontinued                          —                      3,590  
  operations (Note 12)                                                                       
  Total current liabilities                               44,370             55,802          
  Long-term debt (Note 4)                                 26,051             26,886          
  Deferred taxes on income (Note 5)                        2,623              3,991          
  Employee related obligations (Note 6)                    5,687              6,542          
  Long-term taxes payable (Note 5)                         2,540              4,306          
  Other liabilities                                       13,562             10,146          
  Noncurrent liabilities of discontinued                       —              2,901          
  operations (Note 12)                                                                       
  Total liabilities                           $           94,833            110,574          
  Commitments and Contingencies (Note 11)                                                    
  Shareholders’ equity:                                                                      
  Common stock — par value $1.00per share                                                    
  (authorized4,320,000,000shares;             $            3,120              3,120          
  issued3,119,843,000shares)                                                                 
  Accumulated other comprehensive income                  -8,780            -12,967          
  (loss) (Note 7)                                                                            
  Retained earnings and Additional paid-in               152,536            128,345          
  capital                                                                                    
  Less:                                                                                      
  common stock held in treasury, at cost                  75,648             41,694          
  (712,665,000and506,246,000shares)                                                          
  Total shareholders’ equity                  $           71,228             76,804          
  Total liabilities and shareholders’         $          166,061            187,378          
  equity                                                                                     
                                                                                             
                                  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                         1                                                         
Table of Contents
                                        JOHNSON & JOHNSON AND SUBSIDIARIES                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS                                        
                                                                                                                   
                        (Unaudited; Dollars & Shares in Millions Except Per Share Amounts)                         
                                                                                                                   
                                        Fiscal Third Quarter Ended                                                 
                                                        October 1,     Percent          October 2,     Percent     
                                                              2023    to Sales                2022    to Sales     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Sales to customers (Note 9)        $                      21,351       100.0  %    $      19,996       100.0  %  
  Cost of products sold                                      6,606        30.9               6,172        30.9     
  Gross profit                                              14,745        69.1              13,824        69.1     
  Selling, marketing and                                                                                           
  administrative                                             5,400        25.3               4,975        24.9     
  expenses                                                                                                         
  Research and development                                   3,447        16.2               3,485        17.4     
  expense                                                                                                          
  In-process research and                                                                                          
  development                                                  206         1.0                   —           —     
  impairments                                                                                                      
  Interest income                                             -374        -1.7                -150        -0.8     
  Interest expense, net of                                                                                         
  portion                                                      192         0.9                  51         0.3     
  capitalized                                                                                                      
  Other (income) expense, net                                  499         2.3                 226         1.1     
  Restructuring                                                158         0.7                  65         0.3     
  Earnings before provision for                                                                                    
  taxes on                                                   5,217        24.4               5,172        25.9     
  income                                                                                                           
  Provision for taxes on income                                908         4.2                 862         4.3     
  (Note 5)                                                                                                         
  Net earnings from continuing                               4,309        20.2  %            4,310        21.6  %  
  operations                                                                                                       
  Net earnings from discontinued                                                                                   
  operations, net of tax (Note                              21,719                             148                 
  12)                                                                                                              
  NET EARNINGS                       $                      26,028                   $       4,458                 
  NET EARNINGS PER SHARE (Note 8)                                                                                  
  Continuing operations - basic      $                        1.71                   $        1.64                 
  Discontinued operations - basic    $                        8.61                   $        0.06                 
  Total net earnings per share -     $                       10.32                   $        1.70                 
  basic                                                                                                            
  Continuing operations - diluted    $                        1.69                   $        1.62                 
  Discontinued operations -          $                        8.52                   $        0.06                 
  diluted                                                                                                          
  Total net earnings per share -     $                       10.21                   $        1.68                 
  diluted                                                                                                          
  AVG. SHARES OUTSTANDING                                                                                          
  Basic                                                    2,522.9                         2,627.9                 
  Diluted                                                  2,549.7                         2,661.3                 
                                                                                                                   
                                  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                         2                                                         
Table of Contents
                                        JOHNSON & JOHNSON AND SUBSIDIARIES                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS                                        
                                                                                                                   
                        (Unaudited; Dollars & Shares in Millions Except Per Share Amounts)                         
                                                                                                                   
                                     Fiscal Nine Months Ended                                                      
                                                   October 1,     Percent          October 2,          Percent     
                                                         2023    to Sales                2022         to Sales     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Sales to customers (Note 9)     $                    63,764       100.0  %    $      60,051            100.0  %  
  Cost of products sold                                19,755        31.0              18,512             30.8     
  Gross profit                                         44,009        69.0              41,539             69.2     
  Selling, marketing and                                                                                           
  administrative                                       15,702        24.6              14,907             24.8     
  expenses                                                                                                         
  Research and development                             10,605        16.6              10,425             17.4     
  expense                                                                                                          
  In-process research and                                                                                          
  development                                             255         0.4                      610         1.0     
  impairments                                                                                                      
  Interest income                                        -898        -1.4                -236             -0.4     
  Interest expense, net of                                                                                         
  portion                                                 621         1.0                  99              0.2     
  capitalized                                                                                                      
  Other (income) expense, net                           7,055        11.1                  15              0.0     
  Restructuring                                           433         0.6                 200              0.4     
  Earnings before provision                                                                                        
  for taxes on                                         10,236        16.1              15,519             25.8     
  income                                                                                                           
  Provision for taxes on                                1,042         1.7               2,376              3.9     
  income (Note 5)                                                                                                  
  Net earnings from continuing                          9,194        14.4  %           13,143             21.9  %  
  operations                                                                                                       
  Net earnings from                                                                                                
  discontinued                                         21,910                           1,278                      
  operations, net of tax (Note                                                                                     
  12)                                                                                                              
  NET EARNINGS                    $                    31,104                   $      14,421                      
  NET EARNINGS PER SHARE (Note                                                                                     
  8)                                                                                                               
  Continuing operations -         $                      3.57                   $        5.00                      
  basic                                                                                                            
  Discontinued operations -       $                      8.51                   $        0.49                      
  basic                                                                                                            
  Total net earnings per share    $                     12.08                   $        5.49                      
  - basic                                                                                                          
  Continuing operations -         $                      3.53                   $        4.93                      
  diluted                                                                                                          
  Discontinued operations -       $                      8.42                   $        0.48                      
  diluted                                                                                                          
  Total net earnings per share    $                     11.95                   $        5.41                      
  - diluted                                                                                                        
  AVG. SHARES OUTSTANDING                                                                                          
  Basic                                               2,575.6                         2,628.9                      
  Diluted                                             2,603.4                         2,667.5                      
                                                                                                                   
                                  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                         3                                                         
Table of Contents
                                        JOHNSON & JOHNSON AND SUBSIDIARIES                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                         (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions)                                          
                                                                                                                   
                            Fiscal Third Quarter                            Fiscal Nine Months                     
                                           Ended                                         Ended                     
                                 October 1, 2023    October 2, 2022            October 1, 2023    October 2, 2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net earnings           $                26,028              4,458    $                31,104             14,421  
  Other comprehensive                                                                                              
  income (loss), net                                                                                               
  of tax                                                                                                           
  Foreign currency                           448             -1,252                       -448             -1,957  
  translation                                                                                                      
  Securities:                                                                                                      
  Unrealized holding                                                                                               
  gain (loss) arising                          4                 -2                         25                -35  
  during period                                                                                                    
  Net change                                   4                 -2                         25                -35  
  Employee benefit                                                                                                 
  plans:                                                                                                           
  Prior service cost                                                                                               
  amortization during                        -36                -37                       -107               -110  
  period                                                                                                           
  Gain (loss)                                                                                                      
  amortization during                        -34                151                       -101                454  
  period                                                                                                           
  Consumer                                    33                  —                         33                  —  
  settlement/curtail…                                                                                              
  Net change                                 -37                114                       -175                344  
  Derivatives &                                                                                                    
  hedges:                                                                                                          
  Unrealized gain                                                                                                  
  (loss) arising                            -513               -204                        -80               -254  
  during                                                                                                           
  period                                                                                                           
  Reclassifications                         -180               -105                       -316               -332  
  to earnings                                                                                                      
  Net change                                -693               -309                       -396               -586  
  Other comprehensive                       -278             -1,449                       -994             -2,234  
  income (loss)                                                                                                    
  Comprehensive          $                25,750              3,009    $                30,110             12,187  
  income                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                   
                                                                                                                   
                     Amounts presented have not been recast to exclude discontinued operations                     
                                                      
  The tax effects in other comprehensive              
  income/(loss) for the fiscal third quarter were as  
  follows for 2023 and 2022, respectively:            
  Foreign Currency Translation: $335million and       
  $181million; Securities: $1million and $0million;   
  Employee Benefit Plans: $8million and $33million;   
  Derivatives & Hedges: $185million and $82million.   
  The tax effects in other comprehensive              
  income/(loss) for the fiscal nine months were as    
  follows for 2023 and 2022, respectively:            
  Foreign Currency Translation: $69million and        
  $859million; Securities: $7million and $9million;   
  Employee Benefit Plans: $51million and $98million;  
  Derivatives & Hedges: $105million and $155million.  
                                                      
                                                         4                                                         
Table of Contents
                                        JOHNSON & JOHNSON AND SUBSIDIARIES                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                         (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions)                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                    Fiscal Third Quarter Ended October 1, 2023                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                         Retained      Accumulated                                                 
                                     Earnings and            Other                     Treasury                    
                                       Additional    Comprehensive     Common Stock       Stock    Non-controlli…  
                         Total    paid-in capital           Income    Issued Amount      Amount    interest (NCI)  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance, July     $   76,409            129,381          -13,135            3,120     -44,217             1,260  
  2, 2023                                                                                                          
  Net earnings          26,028             26,028                —                —           —                 —  
  Cash dividends                                                                                                   
  paid ($1.19per        -2,871             -2,871                —                —           —                 —  
  share)                                                                                                           
  Employee                                                                                                         
  compensation                                                                                                     
  and stock                948                 41                —                —         907                    
  option                                                                                                           
  plans                                                                                                            
  Repurchase of           -920                                   —                —        -920                    
  common stock                                                                                                     
  Kenvue                                                                                                           
  Separation           -28,088                -43            4,633                —     -31,418            -1,260  
  (Note 12)                                                                                                        
  Other                                                                                                            
  comprehensive                                                                                                    
  income (loss),          -278                  —             -278                —           —                 —  
  net                                                                                                              
  of tax                                                                                                           
  Balance,                                                                                                         
  October 1,        $   71,228            152,536           -8,780            3,120     -75,648                 —  
  2023                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                     Fiscal Nine Months Ended October 1, 2023                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                         Retained      Accumulated                                                 
                                     Earnings and            Other                     Treasury                    
                                       Additional    Comprehensive     Common Stock       Stock    Non-controlli…  
                         Total    paid-in capital           Income    Issued Amount      Amount    interest (NCI)  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance,                                                                                                         
  January 1,        $   76,804            128,345          -12,967            3,120     -41,694    —               
  2023                                                                                                             
  Net earnings          31,104             31,104                —                —           —    —               
  Cash dividends                                                                                                   
  paid ($3.51per        -8,905             -8,905                —                —           —    —               
  share)                                                                                                           
  Employee                                                                                                         
  compensation                                                                                                     
  and stock              1,892               -435                —                —       2,327    —               
  option                                                                                                           
  plans                                                                                                            
  Repurchase of         -4,838                  —                —                —      -4,838    —               
  common stock                                                                                                     
  Other                    -25                  —                —                —         -25    —               
  Kenvue                                                                                                           
  Separation/IPO       -23,810              2,427            5,181                —     -31,418    —               
  (Note 12)                                                                                                        
  Other                                                                                                            
  comprehensive                                                                                                    
  income (loss),          -994                  —             -994                —           —    —               
  net                                                                                                              
  of tax                                                                                                           
  Balance,                                                                                                         
  October 1,        $   71,228            152,536           -8,780            3,120     -75,648    —               
  2023                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                         5                                                         
Table of Contents
                                    Fiscal Third Quarter Ended October 2, 2022                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                                         Accumulated                               
                                                           Retained            Other                     Treasury  
                                            Earnings and Additional    Comprehensive     Common Stock       Stock  
                                  Total             paid-in capital           Income    Issued Amount      Amount  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Balance, July 3, 2022       $  76,357                     126,216          -13,843            3,120     -39,136  
  Net earnings                    4,458                       4,458                —                —           —  
  Cash dividends paid            -2,970                      -2,970                —                —           —  
  ($1.13per share)                                                                                                 
  Employee compensation                                                                                            
  and stock option                  368                         213                —                —         155  
  plans                                                                                                            
  Repurchase of common           -2,165                           —                —                —      -2,165  
  stock                                                                                                            
  Other comprehensive                                                                                              
  income (loss), net             -1,449                           —           -1,449                —           —  
  of tax                                                                                                           
  Balance, October 2, 2022    $  74,599                     127,917          -15,292            3,120     -41,146  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  Fiscal nine Months Ended                                                                                         
  October 2, 2022                                                                                                  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                           Retained      Accumulated                     Treasury  
                                  Total     Earnings and Additional            Other     Common Stock       Stock  
                                                    paid-in capital    Comprehensive    Issued Amount      Amount  
                                                                              Income                               
  Balance, January 2, 2022    $  74,023                     123,060          -13,058            3,120     -39,099  
  Net earnings                   14,421                      14,421                —                —           —  
  Cash dividends paid            -8,728                      -8,728                —                —           —  
  ($3.32per share)                                                                                                 
  Employee compensation                                                                                            
  and stock option                1,832                        -836                —                —       2,668  
  plans                                                                                                            
  Repurchase of common           -4,715                           —                —                —      -4,715  
  stock                                                                                                            
  Other comprehensive                                                                                              
  income (loss), net             -2,234                           —           -2,234                —           —  
  of tax                                                                                                           
  Balance, October 2, 2022    $  74,599                     127,917          -15,292            3,120     -41,146  
                                                                                                                   
                                  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                         6                                                         
Table of Contents
                                        JOHNSON & JOHNSON AND SUBSIDIARIES                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                         (Unaudited; Dollars in Millions)                                          
                                                                                         
                                                 Fiscal Nine Months Ended                
                                                               October 1,    October 2,  
                                                                     2023          2022  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                                   
  Net earnings                                $                    31,104        14,421  
  Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to                                               
  cash flows from operating activities:                                                  
  Depreciation and amortization of                                  5,643         5,198  
  property and intangibles                                                               
  Stock based compensation                                            984           925  
  Asset write-downs                                                   820           787  
  Gain on Kenvue separation                                       -20,984             —  
  Net gain on sale of assets/businesses                              -117          -213  
  Deferred tax provision                                           -1,782        -2,488  
  Credit losses and accounts receivable                                 —           -14  
  allowances                                                                             
  Changes in assets and liabilities, net                                                 
  of effects from acquisitions and                                                       
  divestitures:                                                                          
                                                                                         
  Increase in accounts receivable                                    -851        -1,591  
  Increase in inventories                                          -1,447        -1,877  
  Increase in accounts payable and accrued                            664           141  
  liabilities                                                                            
  (Increase)/Decrease in other current and                         -1,366         4,563  
  non-current assets                                                                     
  Increase/(Decrease) in other current and                          2,260        -4,008  
  non-current liabilities                                                                
  NET CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                         14,928        15,844  
  CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                                   
  Additions to property, plant and                                 -2,954        -2,422  
  equipment                                                                              
  Proceeds from the disposal of                                       237           322  
  assets/businesses, net (Note 10)                                                       
  Acquisitions, net of cash acquired (Note                              —          -522  
  10)                                                                                    
  Purchases of investments                                         -9,981       -31,163  
  Sales of investments                                             15,787        26,324  
  Credit support agreements activity, net                            -917          -305  
  Other (primarily licenses and                                       -92          -208  
  milestones)                                                                            
  NET CASH FROM (USED BY) INVESTING                                 2,080        -7,974  
  ACTIVITIES                                                                             
  CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                                   
  Dividends to shareholders                                        -8,905        -8,728  
  Repurchase of common stock                                       -4,838        -4,715  
  Proceeds from short-term debt (Note 4)                           12,462         7,099  
  Repayment of short-term debt                                    -21,645        -4,808  
  Proceeds from long-term debt, net of                                  —             1  
  issuance costs (Note 4)                                                                
  Repayment of long-term debt                                        -502        -2,133  
  Proceeds from the exercise of stock                                                    
  options/employee withholding tax on                                 907           907  
  stock awards, net                                                                      
  Credit support agreements activity, net                              62         1,678  
  Proceeds of short and long-term debt,                                                  
  net of issuance cost, related to the                              8,047             —  
  debt that transferred to Kenvue at                                                     
  separation                                                                             
  Proceeds from Kenvue initial public                               4,241             —  
  offering (Note 12)                                                                     
  Cash transferred to Kenvue at separation                         -1,114             —  
  Other                                                               115           128  
  NET CASH USED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES                           -11,170       -10,571  
                                                                                         
                                                         7                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                         
                                                 Fiscal Nine Months Ended                
                                                               October 1,    October 2,  
                                                                     2023          2022  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Effect of exchange rate changes on cash                            -237          -431  
  and cash equivalents                                                                   
  Increase/(Decrease) in cash and cash                              5,601        -3,132  
  equivalents                                                                            
  Cash and cash equivalents from                                                         
  continuing operations, beginning of                              12,889        13,309  
  period                                                                                 
  Cash and cash equivalents from                                                         
  discontinued operations, beginning of                             1,238         1,178  
  period                                                                                 
  Cash and Cash equivalents beginning of                           14,127        14,487  
  period                                                                                 
  Cash and cash equivalents from                                   19,728        10,347  
  continuing operations, end of period                                                   
  Cash and cash equivalents from                                        —         1,008  
  discontinued operations, end of period                                                 
  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF PERIOD    $                    19,728        11,355  
  Acquisitions                                                                           
  Fair value of assets acquired               $                         —           620  
  Fair value of liabilities assumed                                     —           -98  
  Net cash paid for acquisitions              $                         —           522  
                                                                                         
                                  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                   
                                                                                                                   
                    Amounts presented have not been recast to exclude discontinued operations.                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                         8                                                         
Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1 — The accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements and related notes should be read in
conjunction with the audited Consolidated Financial Statements of Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiaries (the
Company) and related notes as contained in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
January 1, 2023. The unaudited interim financial statements include all adjustments (consisting only of normal
recurring adjustments) and accruals necessary in the judgment of management for a fair statement of the results for
the periods presented.

Columns and rows within tables may not add due to rounding. Percentages have been calculated using actual, non-
rounded figures.

Kenvue IPO/Separation

On May 8, 2023, Kenvue, completed an initial public offering (the IPO) resulting in the issuance of
198,734,444shares of its common stock, par value $ 0.01per share (the “Kenvue Common Stock”), at an initial public
offering of $ 22.00per share for net proceeds of $ 4.2billion. The excess of the net proceeds from the IPO over the
net book value of the Johnson & Johnson divested interest was $ 2.5billion and was recorded to additional paid-in
capital. As of the closing of the IPO, Johnson & Johnson owned approximately 89.6% of the total outstanding shares
of Kenvue Common Stock and at July 2, 2023, the non-controlling interest of $ 1.3billion associated with Kenvue was
reflected in equity attributable to non-controlling interests in the consolidated balance sheet in the fiscal
second quarter.

On August 23, 2023, Johnson & Johnson completed the disposition of an additional 80.1% ownership of the shares of
Kenvue through an exchange offer. Following the exchange offer, the Company owns 9.5% of the shares of Kenvue which
are accounted for as an equity investment carried at fair value within continuing operations. The historical
results of the Consumer Health business (which previously represented the Consumer Health business segment) are
reflected as discontinued operations in the Company’s consolidated financial statements through the date of the
exchange offer (see Note 12 for additional details). Unless otherwise indicated, the information in the notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements refer only to Johnson & Johnson’s continuing operations.

Following the completion of the exchange offer, Johnson & Johnson is now organized into twobusiness segments:
Innovative Medicine (formerly referred to as Pharmaceutical) and MedTech (see Note 9 for additional details).
New Accounting Standards
The Company assesses the adoption impacts of recently issued accounting standards by the Financial Accounting
Standards Board on the Company's financial statements as well as material updates to previous assessments, if any,
from the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2023.
Recently Adopted Accounting Standards
ASU 2022-04: Liabilities-Supplier Finance Programs (Topic 405-50)– Disclosure of Supplier Finance Program
Obligations
The Company adopted the standard as of the beginning of fiscal year 2023, which requires that a buyer in a supplier
finance program disclose additional information about the program for financial statement users.
The Company has agreements for supplier finance programs with third-party financial institutions. These programs
provide participating suppliers the ability to finance payment obligations from the Company with the third-party
financial institutions. The Company is not a party to the arrangements between the suppliers and the third-party
financial institutions. The Company’s obligations to its suppliers, including amounts due, and scheduled payment
dates (which have general payment terms of 90 days), are not affected by a participating supplier’s decision to
participate in the program.
As of October 1, 2023, and January 1, 2023, $ 0.5billion and $ 0.7billion, respectively, were valid obligations
under the program. The obligations are presented as Accounts payable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Recently Issued Accounting Standards
Not Adopted as of October 1, 2023
There were no new material accounting standards issued in the fiscal nine months of 2023.
Reclassification
Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation.
                                                         9                                                         
Table of Contents

NOTE 2 — INVENTORIES
                                                                       
  (Dollars in Millions)            October 1, 2023    January 1, 2023  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Raw materials and supplies    $            2,233              1,719  
  Goods in process                           1,961              1,577  
  Finished goods                             7,004              6,972  
  Total inventories             $           11,198             10,268  
                                                                       
NOTE 3 — INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL

Intangible assets that have finite useful lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. The latest annual
impairment assessment of goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets was completed in the fiscal fourth quarter
of 2022. Future impairment tests for goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets will be performed annually in
the fiscal fourth quarter, or sooner, if warranted.
                                                                                     
  (Dollars in Millions)                          October 1, 2023    January 1, 2023  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Intangible assets with definite lives:                                             
  Patents and trademarks — gross              $           39,284             39,388  
  Less accumulated amortization                          -23,052            -20,616  
  Patents and trademarks — net                            16,232             18,772  
  Customer relationships and other                        19,844             19,764  
  intangibles — gross                                                                
  Less accumulated amortization                          -12,159            -11,363  
  Customer relationships and other                         7,685              8,401  
  intangibles — net(1)                                                               
  Intangible assets with indefinite lives:                                           
  Trademarks                                               1,640              1,630  
  Purchased in-process research and                        9,464              9,686  
  development                                                                        
  Total intangible assets with indefinite                 11,104             11,316  
  lives                                                                              
  Total intangible assets — net               $           35,021             38,489  
                                                                                     
(1) The majority is comprised of customer relationships
Goodwill as of October 1, 2023 was allocated by segment of business as follows:
                                                                                         
  (Dollars in Millions)                   Innovative Medicine    MedTech          Total  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Goodwill at January 1, 2023          $               10,184     25,863         36,047  
  Goodwill, related to acquisitions                         —          —              —  
  Goodwill, related to divestitures                         —          —              —  
  Currency translation/Other                              -35        112    *        77  
  Goodwill at October 1, 2023          $               10,149     25,975         36,124  
                                                                                         
*Includes purchase price allocation adjustment for Abiomed

The weighted average amortization period for patents and trademarks is 11years. The weighted average amortization
period for customer relationships and other intangible assets is 18years. The amortization expense of amortizable
intangible assets for continuing operations included in cost of products sold was $ 1.1billion and $ 1.0billion for
the fiscal third quarters ended October 1, 2023 and October 2, 2022, respectively. The amortization expense of
amortizable intangible assets for continuing operations included in cost of products sold was $ 3.4billion and $
3.0billion for the fiscal nine months ended October 1, 2023 and October 2, 2022, respectively. Intangible asset
write-downs are included in Other (income) expense, net, with the exception of In-Process research and development
which are included in the In-Process research and development impairments line.
                                                        10                                                         
Table of Contents
The estimated amortization expense for approved products from continuing operations, before tax, for the five
succeeding years is approximately:
                                                             
  (Dollars in Millions)                                      
  2023                      2024     2025     2026     2027  
  $4,500                   4,300    3,500    2,900    2,300  
                                                             
See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details related to acquisitions and
divestitures.

See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details related to discontinued operations.

NOTE 4 — FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

The Company uses forward foreign exchange contracts to manage its exposure to the variability of cash flows,
primarily related to the foreign exchange rate changes of future intercompany product and third-party purchases of
materials denominated in a foreign currency. The Company uses cross currency interest rate swaps to manage currency
risk primarily related to borrowings. Both types of derivatives are designated as cash flow hedges.

Additionally, the Company uses interest rate swaps as an instrument to manage interest rate risk related to fixed
rate borrowings. These derivatives are designated as fair value hedges. The Company uses cross currency interest
rate swaps and forward foreign exchange contracts designated as net investment hedges. Additionally, the Company
uses forward foreign exchange contracts to offset its exposure to certain foreign currency assets and liabilities.
These forward foreign exchange contracts are not designated as hedges, and therefore, changes in the fair values of
these derivatives are recognized in earnings, thereby offsetting the current earnings effect of the related foreign
currency assets and liabilities.

The Company does not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes, or that
contain credit risk related contingent features. The Company maintains credit support agreements (CSA) with certain
derivative counterparties establishing collateral thresholds based on respective credit ratings and netting
agreements. As of October 1, 2023, the cumulative amount of cash collateral paid by the Company under the CSA
amounted to $ 1.7billion net, related to net investment and cash flow hedges. On an ongoing basis, the Company
monitors counter-party credit ratings. The Company considers credit non-performance risk to be low, because the
Company primarily enters into agreements with commercial institutions that have at least an investment grade credit
rating. Refer to the table on significant financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value contained in this
footnote for receivables and payables with these commercial institutions. As of October 1, 2023, the Company had
notional amounts outstanding for forward foreign exchange contracts, cross currency interest rate swaps and
interest rate swaps of $ 42.9billion, $ 39.5billion and $ 10.0billion, respectively. As of January 1, 2023, the
Company had notional amounts outstanding for forward foreign exchange contracts, cross currency interest rate swaps
and interest rate swaps of $ 41.5billion, $ 36.2billion and $ 10.0billion, respectively.

All derivative instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. Changes in the fair value of
derivatives are recorded each period in current earnings or other comprehensive income, depending on whether the
derivative is designated as part of a hedge transaction, and if so, the type of hedge transaction.

The designation as a cash flow hedge is made at the entrance date of the derivative contract. At inception, all
derivatives are expected to be highly effective. Foreign exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges are
accounted for under the forward method and all gains/losses associated with these contracts will be recognized in
the income statement when the hedged item impacts earnings. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are
recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income until the underlying transaction affects earnings and are then
reclassified to earnings in the same account as the hedged transaction.

Gains and losses associated with interest rate swaps and changes in fair value of hedged debt attributable to
changes in interest rates are recorded to interest expense in the period in which they occur. Gains and losses on
net investment hedges are accounted for through the currency translation account within accumulated other
comprehensive income. The portion excluded from effectiveness testing is recorded through interest (income) expense
using the spot method. On an ongoing basis, the Company assesses whether each derivative continues to be highly
effective in offsetting changes of hedged items. If and when a derivative is no longer expected to be highly
effective, hedge accounting is discontinued.

The Company designated its Euro denominated notes issued in May 2016 with due dates ranging from 2022 to 2035 as a
net investment hedge of the Company's investments in certain of its international subsidiaries that use the Euro as
their functional currency in order to reduce the volatility caused by changes in exchange rates.
                                                        11                                                         
Table of Contents

As of October 1, 2023, the balance of deferred net loss on derivatives included in accumulated other comprehensive
income was $ 626million after-tax. For additional information, see the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income and Note 7. The Company expects that substantially all of the amounts related to forward foreign exchange
contracts will be reclassified into earnings over the next 12 months as a result of transactions that are expected
to occur over that period. The maximum length of time over which the Company is hedging transaction exposure is
18months, excluding interest rate contracts and net investment hedge contracts. The amount ultimately realized in
earnings may differ as foreign exchange rates change. Realized gains and losses are ultimately determined by actual
exchange rates at maturity of the derivative.
The following table is a summary of the activity related to derivatives and hedges for the fiscal third quarters
ended October 1, 2023 and October 2, 2022, net of tax:
                                                                                                                   
              Octob…                                             Octob…                                            
                  1,                                                 2,                                            
                2023                                               2022                                            
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (Dol…                   Cost              Inter…      Other              Cost of              Intere…     Other  
  in           Sales        of       R&D    (Inco…    (Incom…     Sales    Produc…       R&D    (Incom…    (Inco…  
  Mill…                 Produ…    Expen…    Expen…    Expense                 Sold    Expen…    Expense    Expen…  
                          Sold                                                                                     
  The                                                                                                              
  effe…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  fair                                                                                                             
  valu…                                                                                                            
  net                                                                                                              
  inve…                                                                                                            
  and                                                                                                              
  cash                                                                                                             
  flow                                                                                                             
  hedg…                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
  Gain                                                                                                             
  (Los…                                                                                                            
  on                                                                                                               
  fair                                                                                                             
  value                                                                                                            
  hedg…                                                                                                            
  rela…                                                                                                            
  Inte…                                                                                                            
  rate                                                                                                             
  swaps                                                                                                            
  cont…                                                                                                            
  Hedg…    $       —         —         —       -61          —         —          —         —       -322         —  
  items                                                                                                            
  Deri…                                                                                                            
  desi…                                                                                                            
  as               —         —         —        61          —         —          —         —        322         —  
  hedg…                                                                                                            
  inst…                                                                                                            
  Gain                                                                                                             
  (Los…                                                                                                            
  on                                                                                                               
  net                                                                                                              
  inve…                                                                                                            
  hedg…                                                                                                            
  rela…                                                                                                            
  Cross                                                                                                            
  curr…                                                                                                            
  inte…                                                                                                            
  rate                                                                                                             
  swaps                                                                                                            
  cont…                                                                                                            
  Amou…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or                                                                                                               
  (los…                                                                                                            
  reco…                                                                                                            
  in                                                                                                               
  inco…            —         —         —        31          —         —          —         —         13         —  
  on                                                                                                               
  deri…                                                                                                            
  amou…                                                                                                            
  excl…                                                                                                            
  from                                                                                                             
  effe…                                                                                                            
  test…                                                                                                            
  Amou…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or               —         —         —        31          —         —          —         —         13         —  
  (los…                                                                                                            
  reco…                                                                                                            
  in                                                                                                               
  AOCI                                                                                                             
  Gain                                                                                                             
  (Los…                                                                                                            
  on                                                                                                               
  cash                                                                                                             
  flow                                                                                                             
  hedg…                                                                                                            
  rela…                                                                                                            
  Forw…                                                                                                            
  fore…                                                                                                            
  exch…                                                                                                            
  cont…                                                                                                            
  Amou…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or                                                                                                               
  (los…            6       102        -5         —          4       -20        -83        53          —        22  
  recl…                                                                                                            
  from                                                                                                             
  AOCI                                                                                                             
  into                                                                                                             
  inco…                                                                                                            
  Amou…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or             -11      -166        49         —         38       -45        -94        91          —        36  
  (los…                                                                                                            
  reco…                                                                                                            
  in                                                                                                               
  AOCI                                                                                                             
  Cross                                                                                                            
  curr…                                                                                                            
  inte…                                                                                                            
  rate                                                                                                             
  swaps                                                                                                            
  cont…                                                                                                            
  Amou…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or                                                                                                               
  (los…            —         —         —        41          —         —          —         —        120         —  
  recl…                                                                                                            
  from                                                                                                             
  AOCI                                                                                                             
  into                                                                                                             
  inco…                                                                                                            
  Amou…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or       $       —         —         —      -454          —         —          —         —       -205         —  
  (los…                                                                                                            
  reco…                                                                                                            
  in                                                                                                               
  AOCI                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                        12                                                         
Table of Contents

The following table is a summary of the activity related to derivatives and hedges for the fiscal nine months ended
October 1, 2023 and October 2, 2022, net of tax:
                                                                                                                   
              Octob…                                             Octob…                                            
                  1,                                                 2,                                            
                2023                                               2022                                            
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (Dol…                   Cost              Inter…      Other              Cost of              Intere…     Other  
  in           Sales        of       R&D    (Inco…    (Incom…     Sales    Produc…       R&D    (Incom…    (Inco…  
  Mill…                 Produ…    Expen…    Expen…    Expense                 Sold    Expen…    Expense    Expen…  
                          Sold                                                                                     
  The                                                                                                              
  effe…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  fair                                                                                                             
  valu…                                                                                                            
  net                                                                                                              
  inve…                                                                                                            
  and                                                                                                              
  cash                                                                                                             
  flow                                                                                                             
  hedg…                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
  Gain                                                                                                             
  (Los…                                                                                                            
  on                                                                                                               
  fair                                                                                                             
  value                                                                                                            
  hedg…                                                                                                            
  rela…                                                                                                            
  Inte…                                                                                                            
  rate                                                                                                             
  swaps                                                                                                            
  cont…                                                                                                            
  Hedg…    $       —         —         —    -1,165          —         —          —         —     -1,094         —  
  items                                                                                                            
  Deri…                                                                                                            
  desi…                                                                                                            
  as               —         —         —     1,165          —         —          —         —      1,094         —  
  hedg…                                                                                                            
  inst…                                                                                                            
  Gain                                                                                                             
  (Los…                                                                                                            
  on                                                                                                               
  net                                                                                                              
  inve…                                                                                                            
  hedg…                                                                                                            
  rela…                                                                                                            
  Cross                                                                                                            
  curr…                                                                                                            
  inte…                                                                                                            
  rate                                                                                                             
  swaps                                                                                                            
  cont…                                                                                                            
  Amou…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or                                                                                                               
  (los…                                                                                                            
  reco…                                                                                                            
  in                                                                                                               
  inco…            —         —         —        98          —         —          —         —        102         —  
  on                                                                                                               
  deri…                                                                                                            
  amou…                                                                                                            
  excl…                                                                                                            
  from                                                                                                             
  effe…                                                                                                            
  test…                                                                                                            
  Amou…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or               —         —         —        98          —         —          —         —        102         —  
  (los…                                                                                                            
  reco…                                                                                                            
  in                                                                                                               
  AOCI                                                                                                             
  Gain                                                                                                             
  (Los…                                                                                                            
  on                                                                                                               
  cash                                                                                                             
  flow                                                                                                             
  hedg…                                                                                                            
  rela…                                                                                                            
  Forw…                                                                                                            
  fore…                                                                                                            
  exch…                                                                                                            
  cont…                                                                                                            
  Amou…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or                                                                                                               
  (los…            3        12       -30         —          9       -54       -141       118          —       -35  
  recl…                                                                                                            
  from                                                                                                             
  AOCI                                                                                                             
  into                                                                                                             
  inco…                                                                                                            
  Amou…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or              -1       230        20         —         42       -48       -153       193          —       -75  
  (los…                                                                                                            
  reco…                                                                                                            
  in                                                                                                               
  AOCI                                                                                                             
  Cross                                                                                                            
  curr…                                                                                                            
  inte…                                                                                                            
  rate                                                                                                             
  swaps                                                                                                            
  cont…                                                                                                            
  Amou…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or                                                                                                               
  (los…            —         —         —       223          —         —          —         —        342         —  
  recl…                                                                                                            
  from                                                                                                             
  AOCI                                                                                                             
  into                                                                                                             
  inco…                                                                                                            
  Amou…                                                                                                            
  of                                                                                                               
  gain                                                                                                             
  or       $       —         —         —      -469          —         —          —         —       -273         —  
  (los…                                                                                                            
  reco…                                                                                                            
  in                                                                                                               
  AOCI                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                        13                                                         
Table of Contents
As of October 1, 2023, and January 1, 2023, the following amounts were recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet
related to cumulative basis adjustment for fair value hedges:
                                                                                                                   
  Line item in the                                                        Cumulative Amount of                     
  Consolidated Balance                                                      Fair Value Hedging                     
  Sheet in which the                                                              Gain/ (Loss)                     
  hedged item is                                                               Included in the                     
  included                      Carrying Amount of                          Carrying Amount of                     
  (Dollars in                 the Hedged Liability                        the Hedged Liability                     
  Millions)                        October 1, 2023    January 1, 2023          October 1, 2023    January 1, 2023  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Long-term Debt          $                  8,589              8,665                   -1,523             -1,435  
                                                                                                                   
The following table is the effect of derivatives not designated as hedging instruments for the fiscal third
quarters ended 2023 and 2022:
                                                                                                                   
                                          Gain/(Loss)                               Gain/(Loss)                    
  (Dollars in                             Recognized In                           Recognized In                    
  Millions)         Location of           Income on                                   Income on                    
  Derivatives       Gain /(Loss)          Derivative                                 Derivative                    
  Not Designated    Recognized in         Fiscal Third                              Fiscal Nine                    
  as Hedging        Income on             Quarter Ended                            Months Ended        October 2,  
  Instruments       Derivative            October 1, 2023    October 2, 2022    October 1, 2023              2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Foreign           Other (income)                                                                                 
  Exchange          expense            $  —                              109                  2               211  
  Contracts                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
The following table is the effect of net investment hedges for the fiscal third quarters ended in 2023 and 2022:
                                                                                                                   
                                                             Location of                                           
                                                             Gain or (Loss)                                        
                                                             Reclassified                                          
                                                             from               Gain/(Loss)                        
                           Gain/(Loss)                       Accumulated        Reclassified                       
                         Recognized In                       Other              From                               
                           Accumulated                       Comprehensive      Accumulated OCI                    
  (Dollars in                      OCI                       Income Into        Into Income        October 2,      
  Millions)            October 1, 2023    October 2, 2022    Income             October 1, 2023    2022            
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                             Interest                                              
  Debt              $              101                208    (income)           —                  —               
                                                             expense                                               
  Cross Currency                                             Interest                                              
  interest rate     $              214                261    (income)           —                  —               
  swaps                                                      expense                                               
                                                                                                                   
The following table is the effect of net investment hedges for the fiscal nine months ended in 2023 and 2022:
                                                                                                                   
                                                             Location of                                           
                                                             Gain or (Loss)                                        
                                                             Reclassified                                          
                                                             from               Gain/(Loss)                        
                                                             Accumulated        Reclassified                       
                           Gain/(Loss)                       Other              From                               
                         Recognized In                       Comprehensive      Accumulated OCI                    
  (Dollars in          Accumulated OCI                       Income Into        Into Income        October 2,      
  Millions)            October 1, 2023    October 2, 2022    Income             October 1, 2023    2022            
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                             Interest                                              
  Debt              $               35                478    (income)           —                  —               
                                                             expense                                               
  Cross Currency                                             Interest                                              
  interest rate     $              880              1,134    (income)           —                  —               
  swaps                                                      expense                                               
                                                                                                                   
The Company holds equity investments with readily determinable fair values and equity investments without readily
determinable fair values. The Company has elected to measure equity investments that do not have readily
determinable fair
                                                        14                                                         
Table of Contents

values at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly
transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer.
The following table is a summary of the activity related to equity investments:
                                                                                                                   
  (Dollars in                                                                                                      
  Millions)            January 1, 2023                                          October 1, 2023                    
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                          Changes in Fair                                                          
                        Carrying Value    Value Reflected             Sales/     Carrying Value       Non Current  
                                                   in Net    Purchases/Othe…                         Other Assets  
                                                Income(1)                                                          
  Equity                                                                                                           
  Investments                                                                                                      
  with readily      $              576               -813              4,260              4,023             4,023  
  determinable                                                                                                     
  value*                                                                                                           
  Equity                                                                                                           
  Investments                                                                                                      
  without           $              613                -24                 96                685               685  
  readily                                                                                                          
  determinable                                                                                                     
  value                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
(1) Recorded in Other Income/Expense
(2) Other includes impact of currency
* Includes the 9.5% remaining stake in Kenvue and the $ 0.6billion unfavorable change in the fair value of the
investment between the separation date and the end of the fiscal quarter.

Fair value is the exit price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability. Fair value is
a market-based measurement determined using assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or
liability. In accordance with ASC 820, a three-level hierarchy was established to prioritize the inputs used in
measuring fair value. The levels within the hierarchy are described below with Level 1 inputs having the highest
priority and Level 3 inputs having the lowest.

The fair value of a derivative financial instrument (i.e., forward foreign exchange contracts, interest rate
contracts) is the aggregation by currency of all future cash flows discounted to its present value at the
prevailing market interest rates and subsequently converted to the U.S. Dollar at the current spot foreign exchange
rate. The Company does not believe that fair values of these derivative instruments materially differ from the
amounts that could be realized upon settlement or maturity, or that the changes in fair value will have a material
effect on the Company’s results of operations, cash flows or financial position. The Company also holds equity
investments which are classified as Level 1 and debt securities which are classified as Level 2. The Company holds
acquisition related contingent liabilities based upon certain regulatory and commercial events, which are
classified as Level 3, whose values are determined using discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques
for which the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimations.

The following three levels of inputs are used to measure fair value:

Level 1 — Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.

Level 2 — Significant other observable inputs.

Level 3 — Significant unobservable inputs.
                                                        15                                                         
Table of Contents
The Company’s significant financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of October 1, 2023 and January
1, 2023 were as follows:
                                                                                                                 
                                              October 1, 2023                                   January 1, 2023  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (Dollars in Millions)                               Level 1    Level 2    Level 3    Total           Total(1)  
  Derivatives designated as hedging                                                                              
  instruments:                                                                                                   
  Assets:                                                                                                        
  Forward foreign exchange contracts       $                —        901          —      901                629  
  Interest rate contracts(2)                                —      1,534          —    1,534              1,534  
  Total                                                     —      2,435          —    2,435              2,163  
  Liabilities:                                                                                                   
  Forward foreign exchange contracts                        —        577          —      577                511  
  Interest rate contracts(2)                                —      3,669          —    3,669              2,778  
  Total                                                     —      4,246          —    4,246              3,289  
  Derivatives not designated as hedging                                                                          
  instruments:                                                                                                   
  Assets:                                                                                                        
  Forward foreign exchange contracts                        —         58          —       58                 38  
  Liabilities:                                                                                                   
  Forward foreign exchange contracts                        —         47          —       47                 68  
  Other Investments:                                                                                             
  Equity investments(3)                                 4,023          —          —    4,023                576  
  Debt securities(4)                                        —      8,407          —    8,407             10,487  
  Other Liabilities                                                                                              
  Contingent consideration(5)              $                —          —      1,178    1,178              1,120  
                                                                                                                 
                                                                                   
  Gross to Net Derivative Reconciliation       October 1, 2023    January 1, 2023  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (Dollars in Millions)                                                            
  Total Gross Assets                        $            2,493              2,201  
  Credit Support Agreement (CSA)                        -2,472             -2,176  
  Total Net Asset                                           21                 25  
  Total Gross Liabilities                                4,293              3,357  
  Credit Support Agreement (CSA)                        -4,174             -3,023  
  Total Net Liabilities                     $              119                334  
                                                                                   
Summarized information about changes in liabilities for contingent consideration for the fiscal third quarters
ended October 1, 2023 and October 2, 2022 is as follows:
                                                                               
                                           October 1, 2023    October 2, 2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  (Dollars in Millions)                                                        
  Beginning Balance                     $            1,120                533  
  Changes in estimated fair value(6)                    62                -85  
  Additions                                              —                 89  
  Payments                                              -4                -12  
  Ending Balance                        $            1,178                525  
                                                                               
                                                        16                                                         
Table of Contents

(1) 2022 assets and liabilities are all classified as Level 2 with the exception of equity investments of $
576million, which are classified as Level 1 and contingent consideration of $ 1,120million, classified as Level 3.

(2) Includes cross currency interest rate swaps and interest rate swaps.

(3) Classified as non-current other assets.

(4) Classified within cash equivalents and current marketable securities.

(5) Includes $ 1,172million and $ 1,116million, classified as non-current other liabilities as of October 1, 2023
and January 1, 2023, respectively.

(6) Ongoing fair value adjustment amounts are primarily recorded in Research and Development expense.
The Company's cash, cash equivalents and current marketable securities as of October 1, 2023 comprised:
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                          Current  
  (Dollars in                                                   Estimated Fair          Cash & Cash    Marketable  
  Millions)             Carrying Amount        Gain/(Loss)               Value          Equivalents    Securities  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash               $            3,214                  —               3,214                3,214             —  
  Non-U.S.                                                                                                         
  sovereign                         150                  —                 150                  150             —  
  securities                                                                                                       
  U.S. reverse                                                                                                     
  repurchase                      7,261                  —               7,261                7,261             —  
  agreements                                                                                                       
  Corporate debt                    228                  —                 228                   78           150  
  securities(1)                                                                                                    
  Money market                    3,503                  —               3,503                3,503             —  
  funds                                                                                                            
  Time                              748                  —                 748                  748             —  
  deposits(1)                                                                                                      
  Subtotal                       15,104                  —              15,104               14,954           150  
                                           Unrealized Loss                                                         
  U.S. Gov’t                      8,062                 -1               8,061                4,728         3,333  
  securities                                                                                                       
  U.S. Gov’t                         95                 -2                  93                    —            93  
  Agencies                                                                                                         
  Other sovereign                     6                  —                   6                    2             4  
  securities                                                                                                       
  Corporate debt                    247                  —                 247                   44           203  
  securities                                                                                                       
  Subtotal                                                                                                         
  available for      $            8,410                 -3               8,407                4,774         3,633  
  sale debt(2)                                                                                                     
  Total cash,                                                                                                      
  cash                                                                                                             
  equivalents and    $           23,514                 -3              23,511               19,728         3,783  
  current                                                                                                          
  marketable                                                                                                       
  securities                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
(1) Held to maturity investments are reported at amortized cost and gains or losses are reported in earnings.
(2) Available for sale debt securities are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reported net of
taxes in other comprehensive income.
As of the fiscal year ended January 1, 2023, the carrying amount was approximately the same as the estimated fair
value.

Fair value of government securities and obligations and corporate debt securities was estimated using quoted broker
prices and significant other observable inputs.
The Company classifies all highly liquid investments with stated maturities of three months or less from date of
purchase as cash equivalents and all highly liquid investments with stated maturities of greater than three months
from the date of purchase as current marketable securities. Available for sale securities with stated maturities of
greater than one year from the date of purchase are available to fund current operations and are classified as
either cash equivalents or current marketable securities.
The contractual maturities of the available for sale securities as of October 1, 2023 are as follows:
                                                                         
  (Dollars in Millions)                        Cost Basis    Fair Value  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Due within one year                       $       8,400         8,397  
  Due after one year through five years                10            10  
  Due after five years through ten years                —             —  
  Total debt securities                     $       8,410         8,407  
                                                                         
                                                        17                                                         
Table of Contents
Financial Instruments not measured at Fair Value
The following financial liabilities are held at carrying amount on the consolidated balance sheet as of October 1,
2023:
                                                                                    
  (Dollars in Millions)                                             Estimated Fair  
  Financial Liabilities                          Carrying Amount             Value  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Current Debt                                $            3,870             3,852  
  Non-Current Debt                                                                  
  5.50% Notes due 2024 (500MM GBP1.2190)                     609               609  
  2.625% Notes due 2025                                      750               726  
  0.55% Notes due 2025                                       947               916  
  2.45% Notes due 2026                                     1,997             1,879  
  2.95% Notes due 2027                                       882               937  
  0.95% Notes due 2027                                     1,409             1,290  
  2.90% Notes due 2028                                     1,497             1,384  
  1.150% Notes due 2028 (750MM Euro1.0534)                   786               705  
  6.95% Notes due 2029                                       298               337  
  1.30% Notes due 2030                                     1,604             1,377  
  4.95% Debentures due 2033                                  499               507  
  4.375% Notes due 2033                                      854               809  
  1.650% Notes due 2035 (1.5B Euro1.0534)                  1,568             1,282  
  3.55% Notes due 2036                                       831               852  
  5.95% Notes due 2037                                       994             1,060  
  3.625% Notes due 2037                                    1,321             1,261  
  3.40% Notes due 2038                                       993               823  
  5.85% Debentures due 2038                                  697               735  
  4.50% Debentures due 2040                                  541               502  
  2.10% Notes due 2040                                       809               639  
  4.85% Notes due 2041                                       297               282  
  4.50% Notes due 2043                                       496               450  
  3.70% Notes due 2046                                     1,977             1,555  
  3.75% Notes due 2047                                       787               788  
  3.50% Notes due 2048                                       743               564  
  2.25% Notes due 2050                                       776               573  
  2.45% Notes due 2060                                     1,025               695  
  Other                                                       64                62  
  Total Non-Current Debt                      $           26,051            23,599  
                                                                                    
The weighted average effective interest rate on non-current debt is 3.08%.

The excess of the carrying value over the estimated fair value of debt was $ 1.6billion at January 1, 2023.

Fair value of the non-current debt was estimated using market prices, which were corroborated by quoted broker
prices and significant other observable inputs.

The current debt balance as of October 1, 2023 includes $ 2.0billion of commercial paper which has a weighted
average interest rate of 5.31% and a weighted average maturity of approximately two months.
                                                        18                                                         
Table of Contents

NOTE 5 — INCOME TAXES

The worldwide effective income tax rates for the fiscal nine months of 2023 and 2022 were 10.2% and 15.3%,
respectively. The decrease in the current year consolidated tax rate is primarily due to more income in lower tax
jurisdictions relative to higher tax jurisdictions versus the prior year, due primarily to the approximately $
7billion charge related to the talc settlement proposal in the United States at an effective tax rate of 23.5% in
the fiscal nine months of 2023 (for further information see Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). The
prior year’s effective tax rate benefited from the impact of certain provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of
2017 that became effective in 2022, which are offset by one-time tax costs in the fiscal nine months of 2022.

The Company also received tax benefits from stock-based compensation that were either exercised or vested during
each of the fiscal nine months ended.

As of October 1, 2023, the Company had approximately $ 2.3billion of liabilities from unrecognized tax benefits.
The Company conducts business and files tax returns in numerous countries and currently has tax audits in progress
in a number of jurisdictions. With respect to the United States, the IRS has completed its audit for the tax years
through 2012 and is currently auditing tax years 2013 through 2016. The Company currently expects completion of
this audit and settlement of the related tax liabilities within the next 6 months. As a result, the Company has
classified approximatel y $ 0.5billion of unrecognized tax benefits and associated interest as a current liability
on the “Accrued taxes on Income” line of the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of the end of the third fiscal quarter
of 2023 in anticipation of final settlement. The Company made a payment in the fiscal second quarter for
approximately $ 1.4billion to the U.S. Treasury for the previously reserved estimated liability of the 2013-2016
IRS Audit. The completion of this tax audit may result in additional adjustments to the Company’s unrecognized tax
benefit liability. In other major jurisdictions where the Company conducts business, the years that remain open to
tax audit go back to the year 2008. The Company believes it is possible that some tax audits may be completed over
the next twelve months by taxing authorities in some jurisdictions. However, the Company is not able to provide a
reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of any other future tax payments relating to uncertain tax positions.

NOTE 6 — PENSIONS AND OTHER BENEFIT PLANS
Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost
Net periodic benefit costs for the Company’s defined benefit retirement plans and other benefit plans include the
following components:
                                                                                                                   
                    Fiscal                                            Fiscal                                       
                     Third                                              Nine                                       
                   Quarter                                            Months                                       
                     Ended                                             Ended                                       
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                 Retireme…                    Other                Retireme…                    Other              
                     Plans                  Benefit                    Plans                  Benefit              
                                              Plans                                             Plans              
  (Dollars         October     October      October     October      October     October      October     October  
  in               1, 2023     2, 2022      1, 2023     2, 2022      1, 2023     2, 2022      1, 2023     2, 2022  
  Million…                                                                                                         
  Service     $        210         313           61          80          638         953          198         240  
  cost                                                                                                             
  Interest             363         226           51          26        1,090         685          160          79  
  cost                                                                                                             
  Expected                                                                                                         
  return              -680        -683           -1          -2       -2,042      -2,075           -4          -6  
  on plan                                                                                                          
  assets                                                                                                           
  Amortiz…                                                                                                         
  of prior             -47         -46            —          -1         -139        -138           -1          -4  
  service                                                                                                          
  cost/(c…                                                                                                         
  Recogni…                                                                                                         
  actuari…             -50         163            4          30         -150         492           17          91  
  (gains)                                                                                                          
  losses                                                                                                           
  Curtail…                                                                                                         
  and                   72           —           -9           —           72           1           -9           —  
  settlem…                                                                                                         
  Net                                                                                                              
  periodic    $       -132         -27          106         133         -531         -82          361         400  
  benefit                                                                                                          
  cost/(c…                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                        19                                                         
Table of Contents

Net periodic benefit cost (credit) for pension and other benefit plans in the third quarter and first nine months
of 2023 includes expenses for curtailments and settlements in connection with the separation of Kenvue. In
addition, approximately $ 0.1billion of net pension liabilities were transferred to Kenvue.

The service cost component of net periodic benefit cost is presented in the same line items on the Consolidated
Statement of Earnings where other employee compensation costs are reported, including Cost of products sold,
Research and development expense, Selling, marketing and administrative expenses, and Net earnings from
discontinued operations, net of taxes if related to the separation of Kenvue. All other components of net periodic
benefit cost are presented as part of Other (income) expense, net on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings, with
the exception of certain amounts for curtailments and settlements, which are reported in Net earnings from
discontinued operations, net of taxes if related to the separation of Kenvue (as noted above).

Company Contributions

For the fiscal nine months ended October 1, 2023, the Company contributed $ 92million and $ 18million to its U.S.
and international retirement plans, respectively. The Company plans to continue to fund its U.S. defined benefit
plans to comply with the Pension Protection Act of 2006. International plans are funded in accordance with local
regulations.

NOTE 7 — ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Components of other comprehensive income (loss) consist of the following:
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                            Total  
                                                                                                      Accumulated  
                                                                                    Gain/(Loss)             Other  
  (Dollars             Foreign          Gain/(Loss)          Employee                        On       Comprehens…  
  in                  Currency                   On           Benefit               Derivatives            Income  
  Millions)        Translation           Securities             Plans                  & Hedges            (Loss)  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  January 1,    $      -11,813                  -27              -897                      -230           -12,967  
  2023                                                                                                             
  Change                                                                                                           
  from                    -448                   25              -175                      -396              -994  
  continuing                                                                                                       
  operations                                                                                                       
  Kenvue                 4,885    **                 0                 296    *                  0          5,181  
  Separation                                                                                                       
  Net change             4,437                   25               121                      -396             4,187  
  October 1,            -7,376                   -2              -776                      -626            -8,780  
  2023                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
Amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income are presented net of the related tax impact. Foreign currency
translation is not adjusted for income taxes where it relates to permanent investments in international
subsidiaries. For additional details on comprehensive income see the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income.

Details on reclassifications out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income:

Gain/(Loss) On Securities - reclassifications released to Other (income) expense, net.

Employee Benefit Plans - reclassifications are included in net periodic benefit cost. See Note 6 for additional
details.

Gain/(Loss) On Derivatives & Hedges - reclassifications to earnings are recorded in the same account as the
underlying transaction. See Note 4 for additional details. *Includes impact of curtailments and settlements in
connection with the separation from Kenvue. **Includes $ 548million of foreign currency translation associated with
the non controlling interest.
                                                        20                                                         
Table of Contents

NOTE 8 — EARNINGS PER SHARE
The following is a reconciliation of basic net earnings per share to diluted net earnings per share:
                                                                                                                   
                          Fiscal Third                                 Fiscal Nine                                 
  (Shares in             Quarter Ended                                Months Ended               October 2,        
  Millions)            October 1, 2023    October 2, 2022          October 1, 2023                     2022        
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Basic net                                                                                                        
  earnings per                                                                                                     
  share from        $             1.71               1.64                     3.57                     5.00        
  continuing                                                                                                       
  operations                                                                                                       
  Basic net                                                                                                        
  earnings per                                                                                                     
  share from                      8.61               0.06                     8.51                     0.49        
  discontinued                                                                                                     
  operations                                                                                                       
  Total net                                                                                                        
  earnings per                   10.32               1.70                    12.08                     5.49        
  share - basic                                                                                                    
  Average shares                                                                                                   
  outstanding —                2,522.9            2,627.9                  2,575.6                  2,628.9        
  basic                                                                                                            
  Potential                                                                                                        
  shares                                                                                                           
  exercisable                    119.2              140.1                     96.9                    141.1        
  under stock                                                                                                      
  option plans                                                                                                     
  Less: shares                                                                                                     
  which could be                                                                                                   
  repurchased                    -92.4             -106.7                    -69.1                   -102.5        
  under treasury                                                                                                   
  stock method                                                                                                     
  Average shares                                                                                                   
  outstanding —                2,549.7            2,661.3                  2,603.4                  2,667.5        
  diluted                                                                                                          
  Diluted net                                                                                                      
  earnings per                                                                                                     
  share from                      1.69               1.62                     3.53                     4.93        
  continuing                                                                                                       
  operations                                                                                                       
  Diluted net                                                                                                      
  earnings per                                                                                                     
  share from                      8.52               0.06                     8.42                     0.48        
  discontinuing                                                                                                    
  operations                                                                                                       
  Total net                                                                                                        
  earnings per      $            10.21                     1.68                     11.95                    5.41  
  share -                                                                                                          
  diluted                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
The diluted net earnings per share calculation for the fiscal third quarter ended October 1, 2023 excluded
16.4million shares related to stock options, as the exercise price of these options was greater than the average
market value of the Company’s stock. The diluted net earnings per share calculation for the fiscal third quarter
ended October 2, 2022 included all shares related to stock options, as the exercise price of all options was less
than the average market value of the Company’s stock.

The diluted net earnings per share calculation for the fiscal nine months ended October 1, 2023 excluded
42.9million shares related to stock options, as the exercise price of these options was greater than the average
market value of the Company’s stock. The diluted net earnings per share calculation for the fiscal nine months
ended October 2, 2022 included all shares related to stock options, as the exercise price of all options was less
than the average market value of the Company’s stock.
                                                        21                                                         
Table of Contents

NOTE 9 — SEGMENTS OF BUSINESS AND GEOGRAPHIC AREAS

Following the separation of the Consumer Health business in the fiscal third quarter of 2023, the Company is now
organized into twobusiness segments: Innovative Medicine (formerly referred to as Pharmaceutical) and MedTech. The
segment results have been recast for all periods to reflect the continuing operations of the Company.
SALES BY SEGMENT OF BUSINESS
                                                                                                                   
                   Fiscal                                          Fiscal                                          
                    Third                                            Nine                                          
                  Quarter                                          Months                                          
  (Dollars          Ended                                           Ended                                          
  in           October 1,       October 2,       Percent       October 1,       October 2,         Percent         
  Millions)          2023             2022        Change             2023             2022          Change         
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  INNOVATI…                                                                                                        
  MEDICINE                                                                                                         
  Immunolo…                                                                                                        
  U.S.              3,193            2,876          11.0            8,506            8,230             3.3         
  Internat…         1,656            1,411          17.4            4,951            4,587             7.9         
  Worldwide         4,849            4,287          13.1           13,457           12,817             5.0         
  REMICADE                                                                                                         
  U.S.                296              350         -15.4              849            1,099           -22.7         
  U.S.                 38               39          -2.5              112              163           -31.3         
  Exports                                                                                                          
  Internat…           127              169         -25.1              449              606           -25.9         
  Worldwide           461              558         -17.4            1,410            1,868           -24.5         
  SIMPONI /                                                                                                        
  SIMPONI                                                                                                          
  ARIA                                                                                                             
  U.S.                310              298           3.9              866              886            -2.3         
  Internat…           319              248          29.1              829              797             4.1         
  Worldwide           629              545          15.3            1,695            1,682             0.8         
  STELARA                                                                                                          
  U.S.              1,912            1,655          15.5            5,180            4,766             8.7         
  Internat…           951              794          19.9            2,925            2,571            13.8         
  Worldwide         2,864            2,449          16.9            8,105            7,336            10.5         
  TREMFYA                                                                                                          
  U.S.                634              530          19.6            1,490            1,303            14.4         
  Internat…           258              200          29.0              747              613            21.9         
  Worldwide           891              729          22.2            2,237            1,916            16.8         
  OTHER                                                                                                            
  IMMUNOLO…                                                                                                        
  U.S.                  2                5         -47.1                9               14           -36.1         
  Internat…                0                0          —                   0                0                   —  
  Worldwide             2                5         -47.1                9               14           -36.1         
  Infectio…                                                                                                        
  Diseases                                                                                                         
  U.S.                360              390          -7.8            1,147            1,266            -9.4         
  Internat…           500              905         -44.8            2,420            2,642            -8.4         
  Worldwide           859            1,295         -33.6            3,566            3,908            -8.7         
  COVID-19                                                                                                         
  VACCINE                                                                                                          
  U.S.                  —                —                —             —              120                      *  
  Internat…            41              489         -91.5            1,073            1,370                  -21.6  
  Worldwide            41              489         -91.5            1,073            1,490                  -27.9  
  EDURANT /                                                                                                        
  rilpivir…                                                                                                        
  U.S.                  9                9          10.2               26               27            -0.5         
  Internat…           287              237          21.4              816              691            18.2         
                                                                                                                   
                                                        22                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Worldwide                                    297      245     21.0          843            718          17.5     
  PREZISTA / PREZCOBIX /REZOLSTA /                                                                                 
  SYMTUZA                                                                                                          
  U.S.                                         345      372     -7.3        1,105          1,096           0.9     
  International                                102      112     -9.5          310            354         -12.5     
  Worldwide                                    447      485     -7.8        1,415          1,450          -2.4     
  OTHER INFECTIOUS DISEASES                                                                                        
  U.S.                                           5       10    -42.7           15             24         -35.5     
  International                                 69       68      2.0          220            228          -3.4     
  Worldwide                                     74       77     -3.6          235            251          -6.4     
  Neuroscience                                                                                                     
  U.S.                                       1,036      919     12.7        3,043          2,658          14.5     
  International                                706      763     -7.4        2,296          2,498          -8.1     
  Worldwide                                  1,742    1,681      3.6        5,339          5,156           3.5     
  CONCERTA / methylphenidate                                                                                       
  U.S.                                          57       41     38.1          191            114          67.4     
  International                                133      117     13.6          412            362          13.8     
  Worldwide                                    189      158     20.0          603            476          26.7     
  INVEGA SUSTENNA / XEPLION / INVEGA                                                                               
  TRINZA / TREVICTA                                                                                                
  U.S.                                         730      684      6.8        2,164          2,036           6.3     
  International                                299      348    -14.0          940          1,097         -14.3     
  Worldwide                                  1,029    1,031     -0.2        3,104          3,132          -0.9     
  SPRAVATO                                                                                                         
  U.S.                                         154       88     75.1          409            223          83.1     
  International                                 29       12           *        74             32                *  
  Worldwide                                    183      100     82.1          483            255          88.8     
  OTHER NEUROSCIENCE(1)                                                                                            
  U.S.                                          94      106    -11.3          278            285          -2.3     
  International                                245      286    -13.9          870          1,007         -13.5     
  Worldwide                                    340      393    -13.2        1,149          1,293         -11.0     
  Oncology                                                                                                         
  U.S.                                       2,219    1,812     22.5        6,177          5,073          21.8     
  International                              2,313    2,252      2.7        6,865          6,983          -1.7     
  Worldwide                                  4,533    4,064     11.5       13,043         12,056           8.2     
  CARVYKTI                                                                                                         
  U.S.                                         140       55           *       324             79                *  
  International                                 12        —           *        17              —                *  
  Worldwide                                    152       55           *       341             79                *  
  DARZALEX                                                                                                         
  U.S.                                       1,369    1,097     24.8        3,882          3,071          26.4     
  International                              1,130      955     18.3        3,312          2,823          17.3     
  Worldwide                                  2,499    2,052     21.8        7,194          5,894          22.1     
  ERLEADA                                                                                                          
  U.S.                                         288      254     12.9               778            693     12.2     
  International                                342      235     45.8               961            647     48.7     
  Worldwide                                    631      490     28.7        1,740          1,340          29.8     
                                                                                                                   
                                                        23                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                       
  IMBRUVICA                                                                                            
  U.S.                                      264       353    -25.2          796     1,072    -25.8     
  International                             545       559     -2.5        1,681     1,847     -9.0     
  Worldwide                                 808       911    -11.3        2,476     2,918    -15.2     
  ZYTIGA/abiraterone acetate                                                                           
  U.S.                                       16        16     -2.8           41        54    -24.9     
  International                             199       440    -54.9          646     1,446    -55.3     
  Worldwide                                 214       456    -53.0          686     1,500    -54.2     
  OTHER ONCOLOGY                                                                                       
  U.S.                                      143        37           *       357       104           *  
  International                              86        64     34.5          248       220     12.5     
  Worldwide                                 229       100           *       605       324     86.5     
  Pulmonary Hypertension                                                                               
  U.S.                                      680       604     12.6        1,964     1,736     13.1     
  International                             274       247     10.5          835       810      3.0     
  Worldwide                                 954       852     12.0        2,798     2,547      9.9     
  OPSUMIT                                                                                              
  U.S.                                      323       289     12.2          924       827     11.8     
  International                             166       152      9.3          512       495      3.5     
  Worldwide                                 490       441     11.2        1,437     1,322      8.7     
  UPTRAVI                                                                                              
  U.S.                                      336       283     18.9          978       824     18.7     
  International                              66        50     30.9          185       162     14.1     
  Worldwide                                 402       333     20.7        1,163       986     18.0     
  OTHER PULMONARY HYPERTENSION                                                                         
  U.S.                                       20        33    -37.1           61        86    -28.4     
  International                              42        46     -7.5          137       154    -10.5     
  Worldwide                                  63        78    -19.8          199       239    -16.9     
  Cardiovascular / Metabolism / Other                                                                  
  U.S.                                      763       837     -8.8        2,254     2,266     -0.5     
  International                             194       198     -2.1          580       651    -10.8     
  Worldwide                                 957     1,034     -7.5        2,834     2,916     -2.8     
  XARELTO                                                                                              
  U.S.                                      625       689     -9.4        1,840     1,806      1.9     
  International                               —         —        —            —         —        —     
  Worldwide                                 625       689     -9.4        1,840     1,806      1.9     
  OTHER(2)                                                                                             
  U.S.                                      139       147     -6.1          414       459     -9.9     
  International                             194       198     -2.1          580       651    -10.8     
  Worldwide                                 332       345     -3.8          994     1,110    -10.5     
  TOTAL INNOVATIVE MEDICINE                                                                            
  U.S.                                    8,249     7,438     10.9       23,090    21,229      8.8     
  International                           5,644     5,776     -2.3       17,947    18,171     -1.2     
  Worldwide                              13,893    13,214      5.1       41,037    39,400      4.2     
                                                                                                       
                                                        24                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                            
  MEDTECH                                                                                   
  Interventional Solutions                                                                  
  U.S.                                891      547    63.0       2,662    1,566    70.0     
  International                       667      513    29.9       2,019    1,636    23.4     
  Worldwide                         1,558    1,060    47.0       4,681    3,202    46.2     
  ELECTROPHYSIOLOGY                                                                         
  U.S.                                611      520    17.6       1,791    1,489    20.3     
  International                       549      453    21.2       1,658    1,454    14.0     
  Worldwide                         1,161      973    19.3       3,449    2,943    17.2     
  ABIOMED(3)                                                                                
  U.S.                                254        —          *      790        —          *  
  International                        57        —          *      176        —          *  
  Worldwide                           311        —          *      966        —          *  
  OTHER INTERVENTIONAL SOLUTIONS                                                            
  U.S.                                 26       27    -3.2          81       77     5.9     
  International                        61       60     1.0         186      181     2.2     
  Worldwide                            87       87    -0.3         267      258     3.3     
  Orthopaedics                                                                              
  U.S.                              1,349    1,309     3.1       4,100    3,936     4.2     
  International                       815      785     3.9       2,574    2,504     2.8     
  Worldwide                         2,164    2,095     3.4       6,674    6,440     3.6     
  HIPS                                                                                      
  U.S.                                239      228     4.9         730      693     5.4     
  International                       136      124     9.3         432      437    -1.0     
  Worldwide                           375      352     6.5       1,162    1,129     2.9     
  KNEES                                                                                     
  U.S.                                207      203     2.3         654      620     5.6     
  International                       131      115    14.6         415      386     7.7     
  Worldwide                           338      317     6.7       1,069    1,005     6.4     
  TRAUMA                                                                                    
  U.S.                                488      473     3.2       1,462    1,412     3.5     
  International                       253      244     4.2         775      749     3.5     
  Worldwide                           742      717     3.5       2,238    2,161     3.5     
  SPINE, SPORTS & OTHER                                                                     
  U.S.                                415      406     2.3       1,254    1,211     3.5     
  International                       295      303    -2.6         952      933     2.0     
  Worldwide                           710      708     0.2       2,205    2,144     2.8     
  Surgery                                                                                   
  U.S.                                994      984     1.1       2,984    2,897     3.0     
  International                     1,483    1,439     3.1       4,522    4,410     2.6     
  Worldwide                         2,479    2,422     2.3       7,507    7,306     2.7     
  ADVANCED                                                                                  
  U.S.                                455      457    -0.4       1,365    1,328     2.8     
  International                       709      701     1.0       2,139    2,132     0.3     
  Worldwide                         1,164    1,158     0.5       3,504    3,460     1.3     
  GENERAL                                                                                   
  U.S.                                540      527     2.4       1,619    1,569     3.2     
                                                                                            
                                                        25                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                              
  International                   775       737     5.1           2,383     2,277     4.7     
  Worldwide                     1,314     1,264     4.0           4,002     3,846     4.1     
  Vision                                                                                      
  U.S.                            512       517    -1.0           1,599     1,534     4.2     
  International                   744       689     8.1           2,265     2,170     4.4     
  Worldwide                     1,256     1,206     4.2           3,864     3,704     4.3     
  CONTACT LENSES / OTHER                                                                      
  U.S.                            399       405    -1.2           1,252     1,179     6.2     
  International                   529       503     4.9           1,568     1,533     2.3     
  Worldwide                       928       908     2.2           2,820     2,712     4.0     
  SURGICAL                                                                                    
  U.S.                            112       112    -0.1             346       355    -2.5     
  International                   216       186    16.6             698       637     9.6     
  Worldwide                       328       298    10.3           1,044       992     5.3     
  TOTAL MEDTECH                                                                               
  U.S.                          3,747     3,356    11.6          11,345     9,932    14.2     
  International                 3,711     3,426     8.3          11,382    10,719     6.2     
  Worldwide                     7,458     6,782    10.0          22,727    20,651    10.0     
  WORLDWIDE                                                                                   
  U.S.                         11,996    10,794    11.1          34,435    31,161    10.5     
  International                 9,355     9,202     1.6          29,329    28,890     1.5     
  Worldwide                 $  21,351    19,996     6.8  %    $  63,764    60,051     6.2  %  
                                                                                              
*Percentage greater than 100% or not meaningful

(1) Inclusive of RISPERDAL CONSTA which was previously disclosed separately

(2) Inclusive of INVOKANA which was previously disclosed separately

(3) Acquired on December 22, 2022
EARNINGS BEFORE PROVISION FOR TAXES BY SEGMENT
                                                                                                                   
                       Fiscal Third                                       Fiscal Nine                              
                      Quarter Ended                                      Months Ended                              
  (Dollars in            October 1,    October 2,    Percent               October 1,    October 2,    Percent     
  Millions)                    2023          2022     Change                     2023          2022     Change     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Innovative      $           4,794         4,186       14.5    %    $         14,008        12,424       12.7  %  
  Medicine(1)                                                                                                      
  MedTech(2)                  1,185         1,090             8.7               4,265         3,641       17.1     
  Segment                                                                                                          
  earnings                                                                                                         
  before                      5,979         5,276       13.3                   18,273        16,065       13.7     
  provision                                                                                                        
  for                                                                                                              
  taxes                                                                                                            
  Less:                                                                                                            
  Expense not                   762           104                               8,037           546                
  allocated to                                                                                                     
  segments(3)                                                                                                      
  Worldwide                                                                                                        
  income          $           5,217         5,172        0.9    %    $         10,236        15,519      -34.0  %  
  before tax                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
(1) Innovative Medicine includes:
• Intangible amortization expense of $ 0.7billion in both the fiscal third quarter of 2023 and 2022.
Intangible amortization expense of $ 2.2billion in both the fiscal nine months of 2023 and 2022.
• One-time COVID-19 Vaccine related exit costs of $ 0.4billion in the fiscal third quarter of 2022 and $ 0.7billion
in both the fiscal nine months of 2023 and 2022.
• A restructuring related charge of $ 0.1billion and $ 0.4billion in the fiscal third quarter and fiscal nine
months of 2023, respectively.
• In the fiscal third quarter and fiscal nine months of 2023, the Company recorded an intangible asset impairment
charge of approximately $ 0.2billion related to market dynamics associated with a non-strategic asset (M710)
acquired as part of the acquisition of Momenta Pharmaceuticals in 2020. In the fiscal nine months of 2022, the
Company recorded an intangible asset impairment charge of approximately $ 0.6billion related to an in-process
research and development
                                                        26                                                         
Table of Contents

asset, bermekimab (JnJ-77474462), an investigational drug for the treatment of Atopic Dermatitis (AD) and
Hidradenitis Suppurativa (HS).

• Unfavorable changes in the fair value of securities of $ 0.4billion and $ 0.2billion in the fiscal third quarter
of 2023 and 2022, respectively. Unfavorable changes in the fair value of securities of $ 0.5billion and $
0.7billion in the fiscal nine months of 2023 and 2022, respectively.

• Favorable litigation related items of $ 0.1billion in the fiscal nine months of 2023.

(2) MedTech includes:

• Intangible amortization expense of $ 0.4billion and $ 0.3billion in the fiscal third quarter of 2023 and 2022,
respectively. Intangible amortization expense of $ 1.1billion and $ 0.8billion in the fiscal nine months of 2023
and 2022, respectively.

• Litigation expense of $ 0.2billion and $ 0.5billion in the fiscal third quarter and fiscal nine months of 2022.

• Acquisition and integration related expense of $ 0.1billion in the fiscal nine months of 2023.

• A restructuring related charge of $ 0.2billion in the fiscal third quarter and fiscal nine months of 2023. A
restructuring related charge of $ 0.1billion in the fiscal third quarter of 2022 and $ 0.2billion in the fiscal
nine months of 2022.

(3) Amounts not allocated to segments include interest income/expense and general corporate income/expense. The
fiscal nine months of 2023 includes an approximately $ 7billion incremental charge primarily related to the talc
settlement proposal (See Note 11, Legal Proceedings, for additional details) and $ 0.6billion related to the
unfavorable change in the fair value of Kenvue shares.
SALES BY GEOGRAPHIC AREA
                                                                                                                   
                         Fiscal                                                                                    
                          Third                                     Fiscal Nine                                    
                        Quarter                                          Months                                    
                          Ended                                           Ended                                    
  (Dollars in        October 1,      October 2,    Percent           October 1,      October 2,        Percent     
  Millions)                2023            2022     Change                 2023            2022         Change     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  United         $       11,996          10,794       11.1  %    $       34,435          31,161           10.5  %  
  States                                                                                                           
  Europe                  4,727           4,844       -2.4               15,448          15,540           -0.6     
  Western                                                                                                          
  Hemisphere,             1,171           1,059       10.5                3,383           3,084            9.7     
  excluding                                                                                                        
  U.S.                                                                                                             
  Asia-Pacif…             3,457           3,299        4.8               10,498          10,266            2.2     
  Africa                                                                                                           
  Total          $       21,351          19,996        6.8  %    $       63,764          60,051            6.2  %  
                                                                                                                   
NOTE 10— ACQUISITIONS AND DIVESTITURES

There were no material acquisitions or divestitures in the fiscal first, second or third quarter of 2023.

On December 22, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Abiomed, a leading, first-to-market provider of
cardiovascular medical technology with a first-in-kind portfolio for the treatment of coronary artery disease and
heart failure which also has an extensive innovation pipeline of life-saving technologies. The transaction broadens
the Company’s position as a growing cardiovascular innovator, advancing the standard of care in heart failure and
recovery, one of healthcare’s largest areas of unmet need. The transaction was accounted for as a business
combination and the results of operations were included in the MedTech segment as of the date of the acquisition.
The acquisition was completed through a tender offer for all outstanding shares. The consideration paid in the
acquisition consisted of an upfront payment of $ 380.00per share in cash, amounting to $ 17.1billion, net of cash
acquired, as well as a non-tradeable contingent value right (CVR) entitling the holder to receive up to $ 35.00per
share in cash (which with respect to the CVRs total approximately $ 1.6billion in the aggregate) if certain
commercial and clinical milestones are achieved. The corresponding enterprise value (without taking into account
the CVRs) of approximately $ 16.5billion includes cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities acquired.

The milestones of the CVR consist of:

a. $ 17.50per share, payable if net sales for Abiomed products exceeds $ 3.7billion during Johnson & Johnson’s
fiscal second quarter of 2027 through fiscal first quarter of 2028, or if this threshold is not met during this
period and is subsequently met during any rolling four quarter period up to the end of Johnson & Johnson’s fiscal
first quarter of 2029, $ 8.75per share;

b. $ 7.50per share payable upon FDA premarket application approval of the use of Impella products in ST-elevated
myocardial infarction (STEMI) patients without cardiogenic shock by January 1, 2028; and

c. $ 10.00per share payable upon the first publication of a Class I recommendation for the use of Impella products
in high risk PCI or STEMI with or without cardiogenic shock within four years from their respective clinical
endpoint publication dates, but in all cases no later than December 31, 2029.
                                                        27                                                         
Table of Contents

The fair value of the acquisition was initially allocated to assets acquired of $ 19.9billion (net of $ 0.3billion
cash acquired), primarily to goodwill for $ 10.9billion, amortizable intangible assets for $ 6.6billion, IPR&D for
$ 1.1billion, marketable securities of $ 0.6billion and liabilities assumed of $ 2.8billion, which includes the
fair value of the contingent consideration mentioned above for $ 0.7billion and deferred taxes of $ 1.8billion. The
goodwill is primarily attributable to the commercial acceleration and expansion of the portfolio and is not
expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The contingent consideration was recorded in Other Liabilities on the
Consolidated Balance Sheet.

As the acquisition occurred in December 2022, the Company is still finalizing the allocation of the purchase price
to the individual assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The allocation of the purchase price included in the
current period balance sheet is based on the best estimate of management and is preliminary and subject to change.
To assist management in the allocation, the Company engaged valuation specialists to prepare appraisals. The
Company will finalize the amounts recognized as the information necessary to complete the analysis is obtained. The
Company expects to finalize these amounts as soon as possible but no later than one year from the acquisition date.
In the fiscal first quarter of 2023, there were purchase price allocation adjustments netting to approximately $
0.1billion with an offsetting increase to goodwill. In the fiscal second and third quarters of 2023, there were no
purchase price allocation adjustments.

The amortizable intangible assets were primarily comprised of already in-market products of the Impella platform
with an average weighted life of 14years. The IPR&D assets were valued for technology programs for unapproved
products. The value of the IPR&D was calculated using probability-adjusted cash flow projections discounted for the
risk inherent in such projects. The probability of success factor ranged from 52% to 70%. The discount rate applied
was 9.5%.

In 2022, the Company recorded acquisition related costs before tax of approximately $ 0.3billion, which was
recorded in Other (income)/expense. In the fiscal nine months of 2023, the Company recorded acquisition related
costs before tax of approximately $ 0.1billion, which was primarily recorded in Other (income)/expense.

There were no material acquisitions or divestitures in the fiscal first, second or third quarter of 2022.

NOTE 11 — LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

Johnson & Johnson and certain of its subsidiaries are involved in various lawsuits and claims regarding product
liability; intellectual property; commercial; indemnification and other matters; governmental investigations; and
other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of their business.

The Company records accruals for loss contingencies associated with these legal matters when it is probable that a
liability will be incurred, and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. As of October 1, 2023, the
Company has determined that the liabilities associated with certain litigation matters are probable and can be
reasonably estimated. The Company has accrued for these matters and will continue to monitor each related legal
issue and adjust accruals as might be warranted based on new information and further developments in accordance
with ASC 450-20-25. For these and other litigation and regulatory matters discussed below for which a loss is
probable or reasonably possible, the Company is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss beyond the
amounts accrued. Amounts accrued for legal contingencies often result from a complex series of judgments about
future events and uncertainties that rely heavily on estimates and assumptions including timing of related
payments. The ability to make such estimates and judgments can be affected by various factors including, among
other things, whether damages sought in the proceedings are unsubstantiated or indeterminate; scientific and legal
discovery has not commenced or is not complete; proceedings are in early stages; matters present legal
uncertainties; there are significant facts in dispute; procedural or jurisdictional issues; the uncertainty and
unpredictability of the number of potential claims; ability to achieve comprehensive multi-party settlements;
complexity of related cross-claims and counterclaims; and/or there are numerous parties involved. To the extent
adverse awards, judgments or verdicts have been rendered against the Company, the Company does not record an
accrual until a loss is determined to be probable and can be reasonably estimated.

In the Company’s opinion, based on its examination of these matters, its experience to date and discussions with
counsel, the ultimate outcome of legal proceedings, net of liabilities accrued in the Company’s balance sheet, is
not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position. However, the resolution of, or
increase in accruals for, one or more of these matters in any reporting period may have a material adverse effect
on the Company’s results of operations and cash flows for that period.

MATTERS CONCERNING TALC

A significant number of personal injury claims alleging that talc causes cancer have been asserted against Johnson
& Johnson Consumer Inc., its successor LTL Management LLC and the Company arising out of the use of body powders
containing talc, primarily JOHNSON’S Baby Powder.

In talc cases that previously have gone to trial, the Company has obtained a number of defense verdicts, but there
also have been verdicts against the Company, many of which have been reversed on appeal. In June 2020, the Missouri
Court of Appeals reversed in part and affirmed in part a July 2018 verdict of $ 4.7billion in Ingham v. Johnson &
Johnson, et al., No. ED 207476
                                                        28                                                         
Table of Contents

(Mo. App.), reducing the overall award to $ 2.1billion. An application for transfer of the case to the Missouri
Supreme Court was subsequently denied and in June 2021, a petition for certiorari, seeking a review of the Ingham
decision by the United States Supreme Court, was denied. In June 2021, the Company paid the award, which, including
interest, totaled approximately $ 2.5billion. The facts and circumstances, including the terms of the award, were
unique to the Ingham decision and not representative of other claims brought against the Company. The Company
continues to believe that it has strong legal grounds to contest the other talc verdicts that it has appealed.
Notwithstanding the Company’s confidence in the safety of its talc products, in certain circumstances the Company
has settled cases.

In October 2021, Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. (Old JJCI) implemented a corporate restructuring (the 2021
Corporate Restructuring). As a result of that restructuring, Old JJCI ceased to exist and three new entities were
created: (a) LTL Management LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company (LTL or Debtor); (b) Royalty A&M LLC, a
North Carolina limited liability company and a direct subsidiary of LTL (RAM); and (c) the Debtor’s direct parent,
Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc., a New Jersey company (New JJCI). The Debtor received certain of Old JJCI’s assets
and became solely responsible for the talc-related liabilities of Old JJCI, including all liabilities related in
any way to injury or damage, or alleged injury or damage, sustained or incurred in the purchase or use of, or
exposure to, talc, including talc contained in any product, or to the risk of, or responsibility for, any such
damage or injury, except for any liabilities for which the exclusive remedy is provided under a workers’
compensation statute or act (the Talc-Related Liabilities).

In October 2021, notwithstanding the Company’s confidence in the safety of its talc products, the Debtor filed a
voluntary petition with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Western District of North Carolina, Charlotte
Division, seeking relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (the LTL Bankruptcy Case). All litigation against
LTL, Old JJCI, New JJCI, the Company, other of their corporate affiliates, identified retailers, insurance
companies, and certain other parties (the Protected Parties) was stayed, although LTL did agree to lift the stay on
a small number of appeals where appeal bonds had been filed. The LTL Bankruptcy Case was transferred to the United
States Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Jersey. Claimants filed motions to dismiss the LTL Bankruptcy Case
and, following a multiple day hearing, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court denied those motions in March 2022.

The claimants subsequently filed notices of appeal as to the denial of the motions to dismiss the LTL Bankruptcy
Case and the extension of the stay to the Protected Parties. On January 30, 2023, the Third Circuit reversed the
Bankruptcy Court’s ruling and remanded to the Bankruptcy Court to dismiss the LTL bankruptcy.

LTL filed a petition for rehearing of the Third Circuit’s decision, which was denied in March 2023. LTL
subsequently filed a motion in the Third Circuit to stay the mandate directing the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court to
dismiss the LTL bankruptcy pending filing and disposition of a petition for writ of certiorari to the United States
Supreme Court. The Third Circuit denied the motion to stay the mandate and issued the mandate.

In April 2023, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court dismissed the LTL Bankruptcy Case, effectively lifting the stay as
to all parties and returning the talc litigation to the tort system. LTL re-filed in the United States Bankruptcy
Court for the District of New Jersey seeking relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (the LTL 2 Bankruptcy
Case). As a result of the new filing, all talc claims against LTL were again automatically stayed pursuant to
section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code. Additionally, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court issued a temporary restraining
order staying all litigation as to LTL, Old JJCI, New JJCI, the Company, identified retailers, and certain other
parties (the New Protected Parties).

Also in April 2023, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court issued a decision that granted limited injunctive relief to the
Company and the New Protected Parties (the LTL 2 Preliminary Injunction). The LTL 2 Preliminary Injunction remained
in force until late August 2023, following the Bankruptcy Court’s extension of the initial LTL 2 Preliminary
Injunction in June 2023. Under the LTL 2 Preliminary Injunction, except for in those cases filed in the federal
court ovarian cancer multi-district litigation, discovery in all personal injury and wrongful death matters was
permitted to proceed. No trials could occur in any of the personal injury and wrongful death matters except for the
Valadez trial after the Bankruptcy Court partially lifted the stay for Valadez and allowed it to proceed to trial.
In July 2023, the jury returned a verdict in favor of Valadez for $ 18.8million in compensatory damages but
declined to award punitive damages. The Company will appeal.

Furthermore, in April 2023, the Talc Claimants' Committee filed a motion to dismiss the LTL 2 Bankruptcy followed
by similar motions from other claimants. Hearings on the motions to dismiss occurred in June 2023. On July 28,
2023, the court dismissed the LTL 2 Bankruptcy case and, the same day, the Company stated its intent to appeal the
decision and to continue its efforts to obtain a resolution of the talc claims. In September 2023, the Bankruptcy
Court entered an order granting LTL leave to seek a direct appeal to the Third Circuit Court of Appeals. On October
20, 2023, the Third Circuit granted LTL’s petition for a direct appeal. Since the dismissal of the LTL 2 Bankruptcy
case, litigation in the tort system has reactivated.

In the original bankruptcy case, the Company agreed to provide funding to LTL for the payment of amounts the New
Jersey Bankruptcy Court determines are owed by LTL and the establishment of a $ 2billion trust in furtherance of
this purpose. The
                                                        29                                                         
Table of Contents

Company established a reserve for approximately $ 2billion in connection with the aforementioned trust. During the
bankruptcy proceedings LTL had been de-consolidated by the Company. In the LTL 2 Bankruptcy Case, the Company had
agreed to contribute an additional amount which, when added to the prior $ 2billion, would be a total reserve of
approximately $ 9billion payable over 25years (nominal value approximately $ 12billion discounted at a rate of
4.41%), to resolve all the current and future talc claims. The approximate $ 9billion reserve, of which
approximately one-third is recorded as a current liability, remains the Company’s best estimate of probable loss
after the dismissal.

The parties have not yet reached a resolution of all talc matters and the Company is unable to estimate the
possible loss or range of loss beyond the amount accrued.

A class action advancing claims relating to industrial talc was filed against the Company and others in New Jersey
state court in May 2022 (the Edley Class Action). The Edley Class Action asserts, among other things, that the
Company fraudulently defended past asbestos personal injury lawsuits arising from exposure to industrial talc
mined, milled, and manufactured before January 6, 1989 by the Company’s then wholly owned subsidiary, Windsor
Minerals, Inc., which is currently a debtor in the Imerys Bankruptcy described hereafter. The Company removed the
Edley Class Action to federal court in the District of New Jersey. In October 2022, the Company filed motions to
dismiss and to deny certification of a class to pursue the Edley Class Action in the New Jersey District Court.
Argument on the motions is scheduled for November 2023.

In February 2019, the Company’s talc supplier, Imerys Talc America, Inc. and two of its affiliates, Imerys Talc
Vermont, Inc. and Imerys Talc Canada, Inc. (collectively, Imerys) filed a voluntary petition for relief under
chapter 11 of the United States Code (the Bankruptcy Code) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District
of Delaware (Imerys Bankruptcy). The Imerys Bankruptcy relates to Imerys’s potential liability for personal injury
from exposure to talcum powder sold by Imerys. In its bankruptcy, Imerys alleges it has claims against the Company
for indemnification and rights to joint insurance proceeds. In its bankruptcy, Imerys proposed a chapter 11 plan
(the Imerys Plan) that contemplated all talc-related claims against it being channeled to a trust along with its
alleged indemnification rights against the Company. Following confirmation and consummation of the plan, the trust
would pay talc claims pursuant to proposed trust distribution procedures and then seek indemnification from the
Company.

In February 2021, Cyprus Mines Corporation (Cyprus), which had owned certain Imerys talc mines, filed a voluntary
petition for relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code and filed its Disclosure Statement and Plan (the Cyprus
Plan). The Cyprus Plan contemplates a settlement with Imerys and talc claimants where Cyprus would make a monetary
contribution to a trust established under the Imerys Plan in exchange for an injunction against talc claims
asserted against it and certain affiliated parties.

The Imerys Plan proceeded to solicitation in early 2021. However, the Imerys Plan did not receive the requisite
number of votes to be confirmed after the Bankruptcy Court ruled certain votes cast in favor of the Imerys Plan
should be disregarded. Imerys subsequently canceled its confirmation hearing.

Imerys, the Imerys Tort Claimants’ Committee, and the Imerys Future Claimants’ Representative, along with Cyprus,
the Cyprus Tort Claimants’ Committee, and the Cyprus Future Claimants’ Representative (collectively the Mediation
Parties) have been engaged in mediation since shortly after the confirmation hearing was cancelled in October 2021.
In September 2023, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order extending the term of the mediation among the Mediation
Parties through the end of December 2023. The Bankruptcy Court also authorized Imerys and Cyprus to proceed with
mediation with certain of their insurers.

In September 2023, Imerys and Cyprus filed amended plans of reorganization. The amended plans contemplate a similar
construct as the prior Imerys and Cyprus Plans, including all talc claims against Imerys and Cyprus (and certain
other protected parties) being channeled to a trust along with Imerys’s and Cyprus’s alleged indemnification rights
against the Company. Imerys and Cyprus have not yet filed disclosure statements for their respective chapter 11
plans.

In February 2018, a securities class action lawsuit was filed against the Company and certain named officers in the
United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, alleging that the Company violated the federal
securities laws by failing to disclose alleged asbestos contamination in body powders containing talc, primarily
JOHNSON’S Baby Powder, and that purchasers of the Company’s shares suffered losses as a result. In April 2019, the
Company moved to dismiss the complaint. In December 2019, the Court denied, in part, the motion to dismiss. In
April 2021, briefing on Plaintiff’s motion for class certification was completed. The case was stayed in May 2022
pursuant to the LTL Bankruptcy Case and was reopened in May 2023. Fact discovery is proceeding and scheduled to be
completed by December 2023.

A lawsuit was brought against the Company in the Superior Court of California for the County of San Diego alleging
violations of California’s Consumer Legal Remedies Act (CLRA) relating to JOHNSON’S Baby Powder. In that lawsuit,
the plaintiffs allege that the Company violated the CLRA by failing to provide required Proposition 65 warnings. In
July 2019, the Company filed a notice of removal to the United States District Court for the Southern District of
California and plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint shortly thereafter. In October 2019, the Company moved
to dismiss the second amended complaint for
                                                        30                                                         
Table of Contents

failure to state a claim upon which relief may be granted. In response to those motions, plaintiffs filed a third
amended complaint. In December 2019, the Company moved to dismiss the third amended complaint for failure to state
a claim upon which relief may be granted. In April 2020, the Court granted the motion to dismiss but granted leave
to amend. In May 2020, plaintiffs filed a Fourth Amended Complaint but indicated that they would be filing a motion
for leave to file a fifth amended complaint. Plaintiffs filed a Fifth Amended Complaint in August 2020. The Company
moved to dismiss the Fifth Amended Complaint for failure to state a claim upon which relief may be granted. In
January 2021, the Court issued an Order and opinion ruling in the Company’s favor and granting the motion to
dismiss with prejudice. In February 2021, Plaintiffs filed a Notice of Appeal with the Ninth Circuit. Plaintiffs
filed their opening brief in July 2021. The company filed its responsive brief in October 2021. After the Notice of
Suggestion of Bankruptcy was filed with the Ninth Circuit, a stay was imposed, and the Court held the reply
deadline in abeyance. In September 2023, the stay lifted. The deadline for Plaintiff's reply brief has not yet been
set.

In June 2014, the Mississippi Attorney General filed a complaint in Chancery Court of The First Judicial District
of Hinds County, Mississippi against the Company and Johnson & Johnson Consumer Companies, Inc. (now known as
Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc.) (collectively, JJCI). The complaint alleges that JJCI violated the Mississippi
Consumer Protection Act by failing to disclose alleged health risks associated with female consumers’ use of talc
contained in JOHNSON’S Baby Powder and JOHNSON’S Shower to Shower (a product divested in 2012) and seeks injunctive
and monetary relief. In February 2022, the trial court set the case for trial to begin in February 2023. However,
in October 2022, the LTL bankruptcy court issued an order staying the case. In March 2023, the Third Circuit issued
the mandate to dismiss the LTL Bankruptcy Case and in April 2023, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court dismissed the LTL
Bankruptcy Case, effectively lifting the stay as to this matter. The State requested a new trial setting. Later in
April 2023, the trial court set a new trial date in April 2024. The parties are currently engaged in expert work,
extensive discovery, and preparations for the upcoming trial.

In January 2020, the State of New Mexico filed a consumer protection case alleging that the Company deceptively
marketed and sold its talcum powder products by making misrepresentations about the safety of the products and the
presence of carcinogens, including asbestos. In March 2022, the New Mexico court denied the Company’s motion to
compel the State of New Mexico to engage in discovery of state agencies and denied the Company’s request for
interlocutory appeal of that decision. The Company then filed a Petition for Writ of Superintending Control and a
Request for a Stay to the New Mexico Supreme Court on the issue of the State of New Mexico’s discovery obligations.
In April 2022, in view of the efforts to resolve talc-related claims in the LTL Bankruptcy Case, the Company and
the State agreed to a 60-day stay of all matters except for the pending writ before the New Mexico Supreme Court,
which expired in June 2022. Thereafter, the Company moved to enjoin prosecution of the case in the LTL Bankruptcy
Case. In October 2022, the bankruptcy court issued an order staying the case. In December 2022, the State filed an
appeal to the Third Circuit concerning the stay order. Separately, in September 2022, the New Mexico Supreme Court
granted the Company's request for a stay pending further briefing on the scope of the State of New Mexico’s
discovery obligations. In March 2023, the Third Circuit issued the mandate to dismiss the LTL Bankruptcy Case and
in April 2023, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court dismissed the LTL Bankruptcy Case, effectively lifting the stay as
to this matter. However, this case remains stayed as a result of the New Mexico Supreme Court’s stay until such
time as the Supreme Court issues an order concerning the State of New Mexico’s discovery obligations.

Forty-two states and the District of Columbia (including Mississippi and New Mexico) have commenced a joint
investigation into the Company’s marketing of its talcum powder products. At this time, the multi-state group has
not asserted any claims against the Company. Five states have issued Civil Investigative Demands seeking documents
and other information. The Company has produced documents to Arizona, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington and
entered into confidentiality agreements. The Company has not received any follow up requests from those states. In
March 2022, each of the forty-two states agreed to mediation of their claims in the LTL Bankruptcy Case. In July
2022, New Mexico and Mississippi indicated they would no longer voluntarily submit to further mediation in the LTL
Bankruptcy and would proceed with their respective cases in state court. In March 2023, the mediation was
terminated. The Company continues to engage the states on potential resolution of claims. The unique procedural
history and status of the New Mexico and Mississippi matters specifically have been discussed above.

In addition, the Company has received inquiries, subpoenas, and requests to produce documents regarding talc
matters and the LTL Bankruptcy Case from various governmental authorities. The Company has produced documents and
responded to inquiries, and will continue to cooperate with government inquiries.

MATTERS CONCERNING OPIOIDS

Beginning in 2014 and continuing to the present, the Company and Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (JPI), along with
other pharmaceutical companies, have been named in close to 3,500lawsuits related to the marketing of opioids,
including DURAGESIC, NUCYNTA and NUCYNTA ER. The majority of the cases have been filed by state and local
governments. Similar lawsuits have also been filed by private plaintiffs and organizations, including but not
limited to the following: individual plaintiffs on behalf of children born with Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome (NAS);
hospitals; and health insurers/payors.
                                                        31                                                         
Table of Contents

To date, the Company and JPI have litigated two of the cases to judgment and have prevailed in both, either at
trial or on appeal.

In October 2019, the Company announced a proposed agreement in principle with a negotiating committee of state
Attorneys General to settle all remaining government opioid litigation claims nationwide. Under the final national
settlement agreement, which was announced in July 2021, the Company agreed to pay up to $ 5.0billion to resolve all
opioid lawsuits and future opioid claims by states, cities, counties, local school districts and other special
districts, and tribal governments, contingent on sufficient participation by eligible government entities, and with
credits back for entities that declined or were ineligible to participate. In July 2021, the Company announced that
the terms of the agreement to settle the state and subdivision claims had been finalized and approximately 60% of
the all-in settlement was paid by the third fiscal quarter of 2023. The expected payment schedule provides that
approximately $ 0.6billion of payments are to be paid by the end of the third fiscal quarter of 2024. The agreement
is not an admission of liability or wrongdoing, and it provides for the release of all opioid-related claims
against the Company, JPI, and their affiliates (including the Company’s former subsidiaries Tasmanian Alkaloids
Pty, Ltd. and Noramco, Inc.). As of September 2023, the Company and JPI have settled or otherwise resolved the
opioid claims advanced by all government entity claimants except the State of Washington and its subdivisions, the
City of Baltimore, a number of school districts and other special district claimants, and a handful of others.

The Company and JPI continue to defend the cases brought by the remaining government entity litigants as well as
the cases brought by private litigants, including NAS claimants, hospitals, and health insurers/payors. Counting
the private litigant cases, there are approximately 35remaining opioid cases against the Company and JPI in various
state courts, 430remaining cases in the Ohio MDL, and 3additional cases in other federal courts. Some of these
cases have been dismissed and are being appealed by the plaintiffs; a handful of others are scheduled for trial in
2024 or 2025.

In addition, the Province of British Columbia filed suit against the Company and its Canadian affiliate Janssen
Inc., and many other industry members, in Canada, and is seeking to have that action certified as an opt in class
action on behalf of other provincial/territorial and the federal governments in Canada. Additional proposed class
actions have been filed in Canada against the Company and Janssen Inc., and many other industry members, by and on
behalf of people who used opioids (for personal injuries), municipalities and First Nations bands. These actions
allege a variety of claims related to opioid marketing practices, including false advertising, unfair competition,
public nuisance, consumer fraud violations, deceptive acts and practices, false claims and unjust enrichment. An
adverse judgment in any of these lawsuits could result in the imposition of large monetary penalties and
significant damages including, punitive damages, cost of abatement, substantial fines, equitable remedies and other
sanctions.

From June 2017 through December 2019, the Company’s Board of Directors received a series of shareholder demand
letters alleging breaches of fiduciary duties related to the marketing of opioids. The Board retained independent
counsel to investigate the allegations in the demands, and in April 2020, independent counsel delivered a report to
the Board recommending that the Company reject the shareholder demands and take the steps that are necessary or
appropriate to secure dismissal of related derivative litigation. The Board unanimously adopted the recommendations
of the independent counsel’s report.

In November 2019, one of the shareholders who sent a demand filed a derivative complaint against the Company as the
nominal defendant and certain current and former directors and officers as defendants in the Superior Court of New
Jersey. The complaint alleges breaches of fiduciary duties related to the marketing of opioids, and that the
Company has suffered damages as a result of those alleged breaches. A series of additional derivative complaints
making similar allegations against the same and similar defendants were filed in New Jersey state and federal
courts in 2019 and 2020. By 2022, all but two state court cases had been voluntarily dismissed. In February 2022,
the state court granted the Company’s motion to dismiss one of the two cases, and the shareholder that brought the
second case filed a notice of dismissal. The shareholder whose complaint was dismissed filed a motion for
reconsideration. In May 2022, the state court held oral argument on the motion for reconsideration and subsequently
denied the motion. The shareholder has appealed the state court’s dismissal order.

PRODUCT LIABILITY

The Company and certain of its subsidiaries are involved in numerous product liability claims and lawsuits
involving multiple products. Claimants in these cases seek substantial compensatory and, where available, punitive
damages. While the Company believes it has substantial defenses, it is not feasible to predict the ultimate outcome
of litigation. From time to time, even if it has substantial defenses, the Company considers isolated settlements
based on a variety of circumstances. The Company has accrued for these matters and will continue to monitor each
related legal issue and adjust accruals as might be warranted based on new information and further developments in
accordance with ASC 450-20-25. The Company accrues an estimate of the legal defense costs needed to defend each
matter when those costs are probable and can be reasonably estimated. For certain of these matters, the Company has
accrued additional amounts such as estimated costs associated with settlements, damages and other losses. Product
liability accruals can represent projected product liability for thousands of claims around the world, each in
different litigation environments and with different fact patterns. Changes to the accruals may be required in the
future as additional information becomes available.
                                                        32                                                         
Table of Contents
The table below contains the most significant of these cases and provides the approximate number of plaintiffs in
the United States with direct claims in pending lawsuits regarding injuries allegedly due to the relevant product
or product category as of October 1, 2023:
                                                                             
  Product or product category                          Number of Plaintiffs  
  Body powders containing talc, primarily JOHNSON’S                  52,220  
  Baby Powder                                                                
  DePuy ASR XL Acetabular System and DePuy ASR Hip                      160  
  Resurfacing System                                                         
  PINNACLE Acetabular Cup System                                        930  
  Pelvic meshes                                                       6,960  
  ETHICON PHYSIOMESH Flexible Composite Mesh                            720  
  RISPERDAL                                                             220  
  ELMIRON                                                             2,150  
                                                                             
The number of pending lawsuits is expected to fluctuate as certain lawsuits are settled or dismissed and additional
lawsuits are filed. There may be additional claims that have not yet been filed.

MedTech

DePuy ASR XL Acetabular System and ASR Hip Resurfacing System

In August 2010, DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. (DePuy) announced a worldwide voluntary recall of its ASR XL Acetabular
System and DePuy ASR Hip Resurfacing System (ASR Hip) used in hip replacement surgery. Claims for personal injury
have been made against DePuy and the Company. Cases filed in federal courts in the United States have been
organized as a multi-district litigation in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio.
Litigation has also been filed in countries outside of the United States, primarily in the United Kingdom, Canada,
Australia, Ireland, Germany, India and Italy. In November 2013, DePuy reached an agreement with a Court-appointed
committee of lawyers representing ASR Hip plaintiffs to establish a program to settle claims with eligible ASR Hip
patients in the United States who had surgery to replace their ASR Hips, known as revision surgery, as of August
2013. DePuy reached additional agreements in February 2015 and March 2017, which further extended the settlement
program to include ASR Hip patients who had revision surgeries after August 2013 and prior to February 15, 2017.
This settlement program has resolved more than 10,000claims, thereby bringing to resolution significant ASR Hip
litigation activity in the United States. However, lawsuits in the United States remain, and the settlement program
does not address litigation outside of the United States. In Australia, a class action settlement was reached that
resolved the claims of the majority of ASR Hip patients in that country. In Canada, the Company has reached
agreements to settle the class actions filed in that country. The Company continues to receive information with
respect to potential additional costs associated with this recall on a worldwide basis. The Company has established
accruals for the costs associated with the United States settlement program and ASR Hip-related product liability
litigation.

DePuy PINNACLE Acetabular Cup System

Claims for personal injury have also been made against DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. and the Company (collectively,
DePuy) relating to the PINNACLE Acetabular Cup System used in hip replacement surgery. Product liability lawsuits
continue to be filed, and the Company continues to receive information with respect to potential costs and the
anticipated number of cases. Most cases filed in federal courts in the United States have been organized as a
multi-district litigation in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas (Texas MDL).
Beginning on June 1, 2022, the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation ceased transfer of new cases into the
Texas MDL, and there are now cases pending in federal court outside the Texas MDL. Litigation also has been filed
in state courts and in countries outside of the United States. During the first quarter of 2019, DePuy established
a United States settlement program to resolve these cases. As part of the settlement program, adverse verdicts have
been settled. The Company has established an accrual for product liability litigation associated with the PINNACLE
Acetabular Cup System and the related settlement program.

Ethicon Pelvic Mesh

Claims for personal injury have been made against Ethicon, Inc. (Ethicon) and the Company arising out of Ethicon’s
pelvic mesh devices used to treat stress urinary incontinence and pelvic organ prolapse. The Company continues to
receive information with respect to potential costs and additional cases. Cases filed in federal courts in the
United States had been organized as a multi-district litigation (MDL) in the United States District Court for the
Southern District of West Virginia. In March 2021, the MDL Court entered an order closing the MDL. The MDL Court
has remanded cases for trial to the jurisdictions where the case was originally filed and additional pelvic mesh
lawsuits have been filed, and remain, outside of the MDL. The Company has settled or otherwise resolved the
majority of the United States cases and the estimated costs associated with these settlements and the remaining
cases are reflected in the Company’s accruals. In addition, class actions and individual
                                                        33                                                         
Table of Contents

personal injury cases or claims seeking damages for alleged injury resulting from Ethicon’s pelvic mesh devices
have been commenced in various countries outside of the United States, including claims and cases in the United
Kingdom, the Netherlands, Belgium, France, Ireland, Italy, Spain and Slovenia and class actions in Israel,
Australia, Canada and South Africa. In November 2019, the Federal Court of Australia issued a judgment regarding
its findings with respect to liability in relation to the three Lead Applicants and generally in relation to the
design, manufacture, pre- and post-market assessments and testing, and supply and promotion of the devices in
Australia used to treat stress urinary incontinence and pelvic organ prolapse. In September 2022, after exhausting
its appeals, the Company reached an in-principle agreement to resolve the two pelvic mesh class actions in
Australia and in March 2023 the Federal Court approved the settlement. The class actions in Canada were
discontinued in 2020 as a result of a settlement of a group of cases and an agreement to resolve the Israeli class
action was reached in May 2021. The parties in the Israeli class action are currently finalizing the terms of the
settlement. A motion to approve the settlement was filed with the Court. The Company has established accruals with
respect to product liability litigation associated with Ethicon’s pelvic mesh products.

Ethicon Physiomesh

Following a June 2016 worldwide market withdrawal of Ethicon Physiomesh Flexible Composite Mesh (Physiomesh),
claims for personal injury have been made against Ethicon, Inc. (Ethicon) and the Company alleging personal injury
arising out of the use of this hernia mesh device. Cases filed in federal courts in the United States have been
organized as a multi-district litigation (MDL) in the United States District Court for the Northern District of
Georgia. A multi-county litigation (MCL) also has been formed in New Jersey state court and assigned to Atlantic
County for cases pending in New Jersey. In addition to the matters in the MDL and MCL, there are additional
lawsuits pending in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio, which are part of the MDL
for polypropylene mesh devices manufactured by C.R. Bard, Inc., and lawsuits pending in two New Jersey MCLs formed
for Proceed/Proceed Ventral Patch and Prolene Hernia systems, and lawsuits pending outside the United States. In
May 2021, Ethicon and lead counsel for the plaintiffs entered into a term sheet to resolve approximately
3,600Physiomesh cases (covering approximately 4,300plaintiffs) pending in the MDL and MCL at that time. A master
settlement agreement (MSA) was entered into in September 2021 and includes 3,729cases in the MDL and MCL. All
deadlines and trial settings in those proceedings are currently stayed pending the completion of the settlement
agreement. Of the cases subject to the MSA, 3,390have been dismissed with prejudice. Ethicon has received releases
from 3,584plaintiffs, and releases continue to be submitted as part of the settlement process. Post-settlement
cases in the Physiomesh MDL and MCL are subject to docket control orders requiring early expert reports and
discovery requirements. In May 2023, Ethicon entered an additional settlement to resolve the claims of
292Physiomesh claimants. That settlement is proceeding, and releases are being returned. There are three cases in
the MDL and two in the MCL which are not included in either settlement and which remain subject to the docket
control orders.

Claims have also been filed against Ethicon and the Company alleging personal injuries arising from the PROCEED
Mesh and PROCEED Ventral Patch hernia mesh products. In March 2019, the New Jersey Supreme Court entered an order
consolidating these cases pending in New Jersey as an MCL in Atlantic County Superior Court. Additional cases have
been filed in various federal and state courts in the United States, and in jurisdictions outside the United
States.

Ethicon and the Company also have been subject to claims for personal injuries arising from the PROLENE
Polypropylene Hernia System. In January 2020, the New Jersey Supreme Court created an MCL in Atlantic County
Superior Court to handle such cases. Cases involving this product have also been filed in other federal and state
courts in the United States.

In October 2022, an agreement in principle, subject to various conditions, was reached to settle the majority of
the pending cases involving Proceed, Proceed Ventral Patch, Prolene Hernia System and related multi-layered mesh
products, as well as a number of unfiled claims. All litigation activities in the two New Jersey MCLs are stayed
pending effectuation of the proposed settlement. Future cases that are filed in the New Jersey MCLs will be subject
to docket control orders requiring early expert reports and discovery requirements.

The Company has established accruals with respect to product liability litigation associated with Ethicon
Physiomesh Flexible Composite Mesh, PROCEED Mesh and PROCEED Ventral Patch, and PROLENE Polypropylene Hernia System
products.

Innovative Medicine

RISPERDAL

Claims for personal injury have been made against Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the Company arising out of the
use of RISPERDAL, and related compounds, indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia, acute manic or mixed
episodes associated with bipolar I disorder and irritability associated with autism. Lawsuits primarily have been
filed in state courts in Pennsylvania, California, and Missouri. Other actions are pending in various courts in the
United States and Canada. Product liability lawsuits continue to be filed, and the Company continues to receive
information with respect to potential costs and the anticipated number of cases. The Company has successfully
defended a number of these cases but there have been verdicts against the Company, including a verdict in October
2019 of $ 8.0billion of punitive damages related to one plaintiff, which the trial judge reduced to $ 6.8million in
January 2020. In September 2021, the Company entered into a settlement in principle with
                                                        34                                                         
Table of Contents

the counsel representing plaintiffs in this matter and in substantially all of the outstanding cases in the United
States. The costs associated with this and other settlements are reflected in the Company’s accruals.

ELMIRON

Claims for personal injury have been made against a number of Johnson & Johnson companies, including Janssen
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the Company, arising out of the use of ELMIRON, a prescription medication indicated for
the relief of bladder pain or discomfort associated with interstitial cystitis. These lawsuits, which allege that
ELMIRON contributes to the development of permanent retinal injury and vision loss, have been filed in both state
and federal courts across the United States. In December 2020, lawsuits filed in federal courts in the United
States, including putative class action cases seeking medical monitoring, were organized as a multi-district
litigation in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. In addition, cases have been filed
in various state courts of New Jersey, which have been coordinated in a multi-county litigation in Bergen County,
as well as the Court of Common Pleas in Philadelphia, which have been coordinated and granted mass tort
designation. In addition, three class action lawsuits have been filed in Canada. Product liability lawsuits
continue to be filed, and the Company continues to receive information with respect to potential costs and the
anticipated number of cases. The Company has established accruals for defense and indemnity costs associated with
ELMIRON related product liability litigation.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

Certain subsidiaries of the Company are subject, from time to time, to legal proceedings and claims related to
patent, trademark and other intellectual property matters arising out of their businesses. Many of these matters
involve challenges to the coverage and/or validity of the patents on various products and allegations that certain
of the Company’s products infringe the patents of third parties. Although these subsidiaries believe that they have
substantial defenses to these challenges and allegations with respect to all significant patents, there can be no
assurance as to the outcome of these matters. A loss in any of these cases could adversely affect the ability of
these subsidiaries to sell their products, result in loss of sales due to loss of market exclusivity, require the
payment of past damages and future royalties, and may result in a non-cash impairment charge for any associated
intangible asset.

Innovative Medicine - Litigation Against Filers of Abbreviated New Drug Applications (ANDAs)

The Company’s subsidiaries have brought lawsuits against generic companies that have filed ANDAs with the U.S. FDA
(or similar lawsuits outside of the United States) seeking to market generic versions of products sold by various
subsidiaries of the Company prior to expiration of the applicable patents covering those products. These lawsuits
typically include allegations of non-infringement and/or invalidity of patents listed in FDA’s publication
“Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations” (commonly known as the Orange Book). In each of
these lawsuits, the Company’s subsidiaries are seeking an order enjoining the defendant from marketing a generic
version of a product before the expiration of the relevant patents (Orange Book Listed Patents). In the event the
Company’s subsidiaries are not successful in an action, or any automatic statutory stay expires before the court
rulings are obtained, the generic companies involved would have the ability, upon regulatory approval, to introduce
generic versions of their products to the market, resulting in the potential for substantial market share and
revenue losses for the applicable products, and which may result in a non-cash impairment charge in any associated
intangible asset. In addition, from time to time, the Company’s subsidiaries may settle these types of actions and
such settlements can involve the introduction of generic versions of the products at issue to the market prior to
the expiration of the relevant patents.

The Inter Partes Review (IPR) process with the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO), created under the
2011 America Invents Act, is also being used at times by generic companies in conjunction with ANDAs and lawsuits
to challenge the applicable patents.

XARELTO

Beginning in March 2021, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Bayer Pharma AG; Bayer AG; and Bayer Intellectual Property
GmbH filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have
filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of XARELTO before expiration of certain Orange Book Listed
Patents. The following entities are named defendants: Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc.; Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories,
Ltd.; Lupin Limited; Lupin Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.; Taro Pharmaceuticals U.S.A.,
Inc.; Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc.; Mylan Pharmaceuticals Inc.; Mylan Inc.; Mankind Pharma Limited; Apotex Inc.;
Apotex Corp.; Biocon Pharma Limited; Biocon Limited; Biocon Pharma, Inc.; Auson Pharmaceuticals Inc.; Macleods
Pharmaceuticals Ltd; Macleods Pharma USA, Inc.; Indoco Remedies Limited; and FPP Holding Company LLC. The following
U.S. patents are included in one or more cases: 9,539,218 and 10,828,310. In August 2023, the Company entered into
a confidential settlement agreement with Biocon Pharma Limited, Biocon Limited and Biocon Pharma, Inc.

U.S. Patent No. 10,828,310 was also under consideration by the USPTO in an IPR proceeding. In July 2023, the USPTO
issued a final written decision finding the claims of the patent invalid. In September 2023, Bayer Pharma AG filed
an appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.
                                                        35                                                         
Table of Contents

OPSUMIT

Beginning in January 2023 Actelion Pharmaceuticals Ltd and Actelion Pharmaceuticals US, Inc. filed patent
infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking
approval to market generic versions of OPSUMIT before expiration of certain Orange Book Listed Patents. The
following entities are named defendants: Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Limited; Sun Pharmaceutical Industries,
Inc.; Alembic Pharmaceuticals Ltd.; Alembic Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; MSN Laboratories Private Limited; MSN
Pharmaceuticals Inc.; Apotex Inc.; and Apotex Corp. The following U.S. patents are included in one or more cases:
7,094,781; and 10,946,015. In September 2023, the Company entered into confidential settlement agreements with
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Alembic Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Apotex Inc. and Apotex Corp.

INVEGA SUSTENNA

Beginning in January 2018, Janssen Pharmaceutica NV and Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed patent infringement
lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to
market generic versions of INVEGA SUSTENNA before expiration of the Orange Book Listed Patent. The following
entities are named defendants: Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc.; Mylan Laboratories Limited; Pharmascience Inc.;
Mallinckrodt PLC; Specgx LLC; Tolmar, Inc.; and Accord Healthcare, Inc. The following U.S. patent is included in
one or more cases: 9,439,906.

Beginning in February 2018, Janssen Inc. and Janssen Pharmaceutica NV initiated a Statement of Claim under Section
6 of the Patented Medicines (Notice of Compliance) Regulations against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDSs
seeking approval to market generic versions of INVEGA SUSTENNA before expiration of the listed patent. The
following entities are named defendants: Pharmascience Inc. and Apotex Inc. The following Canadian patent is
included in one or more cases: 2,655,335.

INVEGA TRINZA

Beginning in September 2020, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Janssen Pharmaceutica NV, and Janssen Research &
Development, LLC filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers
who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of INVEGA TRINZA before expiration of the Orange
Book Listed Patent. The following entities are named defendants: Mylan Laboratories Limited; Mylan Pharmaceuticals
Inc.; and Mylan Institutional LLC. The following U.S. patent is included in one or more cases: 10,143,693. In May
2023, the District Court issued a decision finding that Mylan’s proposed generic product infringes the asserted
patent and that the patent is not invalid. Mylan has appealed the verdict.

SYMTUZA

Beginning in November 2021, Janssen Products, L.P., Janssen Sciences Ireland Unlimited Company, Gilead Sciences,
Inc. and Gilead Sciences Ireland UC filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against
generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of SYMTUZA before expiration
of certain Orange Book Listed Patents. The following entities are named defendants: Lupin Limited; Lupin
Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; MSN Laboratories Private Ltd.; MSN Life Sciences Private Ltd.; MSN Pharmaceuticals Inc.;
Apotex Inc.; and Apotex Corp. The following U.S. patents are included in one or more cases: 10,039,718 and
10,786,518.

ERLEADA

Beginning in May 2022, Aragon Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Janssen Biotech, Inc., Sloan Kettering Institute for Cancer
Research and The Regents of the University of California filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States
district courts against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of
ERLEADA before expiration of certain Orange Book Listed Patents. The following entities are named defendants: Lupin
Limited; Lupin Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Zydus Worldwide DMCC; Zydus Pharmaceuticals (USA), Inc.; Zydus Lifesciences
Limited; Sandoz Inc.; Eugia Pharma Specialities Limited; Aurobindo Pharma USA, Inc.; Auromedics Pharma LLC; Hetero
Labs Limited Unit V; and Hetero USA, Inc. The following U.S. patents are included in one or more cases: 9,481,663;
9,884,054; 10,052,314; 10,702,508; 10,849,888; 8,445,507; 8,802,689; 9,388,159; 9,987,261; and RE49,353.

UPTRAVI

Beginning in November 2022, Actelion Pharmaceuticals US Inc., Actelion Pharmaceuticals Ltd and Nippon Shinyaku Co.,
Ltd. filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have
filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of UPTRAVI intravenous before expiration of certain Orange
Book Listed Patents. The following entities are named defendants: Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited, Alembic
Pharmaceuticals Inc.; Lupin Ltd.; Lupin Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Cipla Limited; Cipla USA Inc.; MSN Laboratories
Private Ltd.; and MSN Pharmaceuticals Inc. The following U.S. patents are included in one or more cases: 8,791,122
and 9,284,280.

SPRAVATO

Beginning in May 2023, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Janssen Pharmaceutica NV filed patent infringement
lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to
market generic versions
                                                        36                                                         
Table of Contents

of SPRAVATO before expiration of certain Orange Book Listed Patents. The following entities are named defendants:
Sandoz Inc.; Hikma Pharmaceuticals Inc. USA; Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC; Westward Columbus Inc. (Westward); Alkem
Laboratories Ltd; and Ascend Laboratories, LLC (Ascend). The following U.S. patents are included in one or more
cases: 10,869,844; 11,173,134; 11,311,500; and 11,446,260. In June 2023, Westward and Ascend were dismissed from
the suit .

GOVERNMENT PROCEEDINGS

Like other companies in the pharmaceutical and medical technologies industries, the Company and certain of its
subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation by national, state and local government agencies in the United
States and other countries in which they operate. Such regulation has been the basis of government investigations
and litigations. The most significant litigation brought by, and investigations conducted by, government agencies
are listed below. It is possible that criminal charges and substantial fines and/or civil penalties or damages
could result from government investigations or litigation.

MedTech

In July 2018, the Public Prosecution Service in Rio de Janeiro and representatives from the Brazilian antitrust
authority CADE inspected the offices of more than 30 companies including Johnson & Johnson do Brasil Indústria e
Comércio de Produtos para Saúde Ltda. The authorities appear to be investigating allegations of possible anti-
competitive behavior and possible improper payments in the medical device industry. The Company continues to
respond to inquiries regarding the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act from the United States Department of Justice and
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

In July 2023, the U.S. Department of Justice (“DOJ”) issued Civil Investigative Demands to the Company, Johnson &
Johnson Surgical Vision, Inc., and Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc. (collectively, “J&J Vision”) in connection
with a civil investigation under the False Claims Act relating to free or discounted intraocular lenses and
equipment used in eye surgery, such as phacoemulsification and laser systems. J&J Vision has begun producing
documents and information responsive to the Civil Investigative Demands. J&J Vision is in ongoing discussions with
the DOJ regarding its inquiry.

Innovative Medicine

In July 2016, the Company and Janssen Products, LP were served with a qui tam complaint pursuant to the False
Claims Act filed in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey alleging the off-label
promotion of two HIV products, PREZISTA and INTELENCE, and anti-kickback violations in connection with the
promotion of these products. The complaint was filed under seal in December 2012. The federal and state governments
have declined to intervene, and the lawsuit is being prosecuted by the relators. The Court denied summary judgment
on all claims in December 2021. Daubert motions were granted in part and denied in part in January 2022, and the
case is proceeding to trial. Trial is scheduled for May 2024.

In March 2017, Janssen Biotech, Inc. (JBI) received a Civil Investigative Demand from the United States Department
of Justice regarding a False Claims Act investigation concerning management and advisory services provided to
rheumatology and gastroenterology practices that purchased REMICADE or SIMPONI ARIA. In August 2019, the United
States Department of Justice notified JBI that it was closing the investigation. Subsequently, the United States
District Court for the District of Massachusetts unsealed a qui tam False Claims Act complaint, which was served on
the Company. The Department of Justice had declined to intervene in the qui tam lawsuit in August 2019. The Company
filed a motion to dismiss, which was granted in part and denied in part. Discovery is underway.

From time to time, the Company has received requests from a variety of United States Congressional Committees to
produce information relevant to ongoing congressional inquiries. It is the policy of Johnson & Johnson to cooperate
with these inquiries by producing the requested information.

GENERAL LITIGATION

The Company or its subsidiaries are also parties to various proceedings brought under the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, commonly known as Superfund, and comparable state, local
or foreign laws in which the primary relief sought is the Company’s agreement to implement remediation activities
at designated hazardous waste sites or to reimburse the government or third parties for the costs they have
incurred in performing remediation as such sites.

In October 2017, certain United States service members and their families brought a complaint against a number of
pharmaceutical and medical devices companies, including Johnson & Johnson and certain of its subsidiaries in United
States District Court for the District of Columbia, alleging that the defendants violated the United States Anti-
Terrorism Act. The complaint alleges that the defendants provided funding for terrorist organizations through their
sales practices pursuant to pharmaceutical and medical device contracts with the Iraqi Ministry of Health. In July
2020, the District Court dismissed the complaint. In January 2022, the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia Circuit reversed the District Court’s decision. In June 2023, defendants filed a petition for
a writ of certiorari to the United States Supreme Court.
                                                        37                                                         
Table of Contents

MedTech

In October 2020, Fortis Advisors LLC (Fortis), in its capacity as representative of the former stockholders of
Auris Health Inc. (Auris), filed a complaint against the Company, Ethicon Inc., and certain named officers and
employees (collectively, Ethicon) in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. The complaint alleges breach
of contract, fraud, and other causes of action against Ethicon in connection with Ethicon’s acquisition of Auris in
2019. The complaint seeks damages and other relief. In December 2021, the Court granted in part and denied in part
defendants’ motion to dismiss certain causes of action. All claims against the individual defendants were
dismissed. The trial is scheduled for January 2024.

Innovative Medicine

In June 2019, the United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) issued a Civil Investigative Demand to the Company
and Janssen Biotech, Inc. (collectively, Janssen) in connection with its investigation of whether Janssen’s
REMICADE contracting practices violate federal antitrust laws. The Company has produced documents and information
responsive to the Civil Investigative Demand. Janssen is in ongoing discussions with the FTC staff regarding its
inquiry.

In February 2022, the United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) issued Civil Investigative Demands to Johnson &
Johnson and Janssen Biotech, Inc. (collectively, Janssen) in connection with its investigation of whether
advertising practices for REMICADE violate federal law. Janssen has produced documents and information responsive
to the Civil Investigative Demands. Janssen is in ongoing discussions with the FTC staff regarding the inquiry.

In June 2022, Genmab A/S filed a Notice for Arbitration with International Institute for Conflict Prevention and
Resolution (CPR) against Janssen Biotech, Inc. seeking milestones and an extended royalty term for Darzalex FASPRO.
In April 2023, the Arbitration Panel ruled in Janssen's favor and dismissed Genmab's claims. Genmab appealed that
award and oral arguments are scheduled for November 2023.

In October 2018, two separate putative class actions were filed against Actelion Pharmaceutical Ltd., Actelion
Pharmaceuticals U.S., Inc., and Actelion Clinical Research, Inc. (collectively Actelion) in United States District
Court for the District of Maryland and United States District Court for the District of Columbia. The complaints
allege that Actelion violated state and federal antitrust and unfair competition laws by allegedly refusing to
supply generic pharmaceutical manufacturers with samples of TRACLEER. TRACLEER is subject to a Risk Evaluation and
Mitigation Strategy required by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, which imposes restrictions on distribution
of the product. In January 2019, the plaintiffs dismissed the District of Columbia case and filed a consolidated
complaint in the United States District Court for the District of Maryland.

In June 2022, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed a Demand for Arbitration against Emergent Biosolutions Inc. et al
(EBSI) with the American Arbitration Association, alleging that EBSI breached the parties’ Manufacturing Services
Agreement for the Company’s COVID-19 vaccine. In July 2022, Emergent filed its answering statement and
counterclaims. The hearing is scheduled for July 2024.
                                                        38                                                         
Table of Contents
NOTE 12— KENVUE SEPARATION
On May 8, 2023, Kenvue, completed an initial public offering (the IPO) resulting in the issuance of
198,734,444shares of its common stock, par value $ 0.01per share (the “Kenvue Common Stock”), at an initial public
offering of $ 22.00per share for net proceeds of $ 4.2billion. The excess of the net proceeds from the IPO over the
net book value of the Johnson & Johnson divested interest was $ 2.5billion and was recorded to additional paid-in
capital. As of the closing of the IPO, Johnson & Johnson owned approximately 89.6% of the total outstanding shares
of Kenvue Common Stock and at July 2, 2023, the non-controlling interest of $ 1.3billion associated with Kenvue was
reflected in equity attributable to non-controlling interests in the consolidated balance sheet in the fiscal
second quarter.
On August 23, 2023, Johnson & Johnson completed the disposition of an additional 80.1% ownership of Kenvue Common
Stock through an exchange offer, which resulted in Johnson & Johnson acquiring 190,955,436shares of the Company’s
common stock in exchange for 1,533,830,450shares of Kenvue Common Stock. The $ 31.4billion of Johnson & Johnson
common stock received in the exchange offer is recorded in Treasury stock. Following the exchange offer, the
Company owns 9.5% of the total outstanding shares of Kenvue Common Stock that was recorded in other assets within
continuing operations at the fair market value of $ 4.3billion as of August 23, 2023.
Johnson & Johnson divested net assets of $ 11.6billion as of August 23, 2023, and the accumulated other
comprehensive loss attributable to the Consumer Health business at that date was $ 4.3billion. Additionally, at the
date of the exchange offer, Johnson & Johnson decreased the non-controlling interest by $ 1.2billion to record the
deconsolidation of Kenvue. This resulted in a non-cash gain on the exchange offer of $ 21.0billion that was
recorded in Net earnings from discontinued operations, net of taxes in the consolidated statements of earnings for
the fiscal third quarter of 2023. This one-time gain includes a gain of $ 2.8billion on the Kenvue Common Stock
retained by Johnson & Johnson. The gain on the exchange offer qualifies as a tax-free transaction for U.S. federal
income tax purposes.
Also in connection with the separation, Johnson & Johnson and Kenvue entered into a separation agreement and also
entered into various other agreements that provide for certain transactions to effect the transfer of the assets
and liabilities of the Consumer Health business to Kenvue and to govern various interim and ongoing relationships
between Kenvue and Johnson & Johnson following the completion of the Kenvue IPO, including transition services
agreements (TSAs), transition manufacturing agreements (TMAs), trademark agreements, intellectual property
agreements, an employee matters agreement, and a tax matters agreement. Under the TSAs, Johnson & Johnson will
provide Kenvue various services and, similarly, Kenvue will provide Johnson & Johnson various services. The
provision of services under the TSAs generally will terminate within 24months following the Kenvue IPO.
Additionally, Johnson & Johnson and Kenvue entered into TMAs pursuant to which Johnson & Johnson will manufacture
and supply to Kenvue certain products and, similarly, Kenvue will manufacture and supply to Johnson & Johnson
certain products. The terms of the TMAs range in initial duration from 3months to 5years.
Amounts related to the TSAs and TMAs included in the consolidated statements of earnings were immaterial for the
fiscal third quarter and fiscal nine months ended October 1, 2023. Additionally, the amounts due to and from Kenvue
for the above agreements was not material as of October 1, 2023.
The results of the Consumer Health business (previously reported as a separate business segment), as well as the
associated gain, have been reflected as discontinued operations in the Company’s consolidated statements of
earnings as Net earnings from discontinued operations, net of taxes through August 23, 2023, the date of the
exchange offer. Prior periods have been recast to reflect this presentation. As a result of the separation of
Kenvue, Johnson & Johnson incurred separation costs of $ 330million and $ 912million in the fiscal third quarter
and fiscal nine months ended October 1, 2023, respectively, and $ 249million and $ 619million in the fiscal third
quarter and fiscal nine months ended October 2, 2022, respectively, which are also included in Net earnings from
discontinued operations, net of taxes. These costs were primarily related to external advisory, legal, accounting,
contractor and other incremental costs directly related to separation activities. As of January 1, 2023, the assets
and liabilities associated with the Consumer Health business were classified as assets and liabilities of
discontinued operations in the consolidated balance sheets.
                                                        39                                                         
Table of Contents
Details of Net Earnings from Discontinued Operations, net of taxes are as follows:
                                                                                                                   
                              Fiscal Third Quarter                          Fiscal Nine Months                     
  (Dollars in                                Ended                                       Ended                     
  Millions)                     October 1, 2023(1)    October 2, 2022       October 1, 2023(1)    October 2, 2022  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Sales to customers      $                  2,173              3,795                   10,036             11,186  
  Cost of products                             911              1,635                    4,369              4,812  
  sold                                                                                                             
  Gross profit                               1,262              2,160                    5,667              6,374  
  Selling, marketing                                                                                               
  and administrative                           584              1,114                    3,085              3,346  
  expenses                                                                                                         
  Research and                                  24                112                      258                337  
  development expense                                                                                              
  Interest Income                              -37                  —                     -117                  —  
  Interest expense,                                                                                                
  net of portion                                67                  —                      199                  —  
  capitalized (Note 4)                                                                                             
  Other (income)                               406                267                    1,018                649  
  expense, net                                                                                                     
  Gain on separation                       -20,984                  —                  -20,984                  —  
  of Kenvue                                                                                                        
  Restructuring                                  —                 17                        —                 37  
  Earnings from                                                                                                    
  Discontinued                                                                                                     
  Operations                                21,202                650                   22,208              2,005  
  Before Provision for                                                                                             
  Taxes on Income                                                                                                  
  (Benefit                                                                                                         
  from)/Provision for                         -517                502                      298                727  
  taxes on                                                                                                         
  income (Note 5)                                                                                                  
  Net earnings from                                                                                                
  Discontinued                              21,719                148                   21,910              1,278  
  Operations                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
(1) The Company ceased consolidating the results of the Consumer Health business on August 23, 2023, the date of
the exchange offer, but continued to reflect any separation costs incurred as part of discontinued operations
through the end of the fiscal third quarter.
The following table presents depreciation, amortization and capital expenditures of the discontinued operations
related to Kenvue:
                                                                                
                                   Fiscal Nine Months Ended                     
  (Dollars in Millions)                     October 1, 2023    October 2, 2022  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Depreciation and Amortization                         383                482  
  Capital expenditures                                  162                178  
                                                                                
                                                        40                                                         
Table of Contents

Details of assets and liabilities of discontinued operations are as follows:
                                                                            
                                                           January 1, 2023  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Assets                                                                    
  Current assets                                                            
  Cash and cash equivalents                             $            1,238  
  Accounts receivable trade, less allowances for                     2,121  
  doubtful accounts                                                         
  Inventories                                                        2,215  
  Prepaid expenses and other receivables                               256  
  Total current assets of discontinued operations                    5,830  
  Property, plant and equipment, net                                 1,821  
  Intangible assets, net                                             9,836  
  Goodwill                                                           9,184  
  Deferred taxes on income                                             176  
  Other assets                                                         390  
  Total noncurrent assets of discontinued operations    $           21,407  
  Liabilities                                                               
  Loans and notes payable                               $               15  
  Accounts payable                                                   1,814  
  Accrued liabilities                                                  737  
  Accrued rebates, returns and promotions                              838  
  Accrued compensation and employee related                            279  
  obligations                                                               
  Accrued taxes on income                                              -93  
  Total current liabilities of discontinued                          3,590  
  operations                                                                
  Long-term debt                                                         2  
  Deferred taxes on income                                           2,383  
  Employee related obligations                                         225  
  Other liabilities                                                    291  
  Total noncurrent liabilities of discontinued          $            2,901  
  operations                                                                
                                                                            
                                                        41                                                         
Table of Contents

NOTE 13— RESTRUCTURING

In fiscal 2023, the Company commenced restructuring actions within its Innovative Medicine and MedTech segments.
The amounts and details of the current year programs are included below.

In fiscal 2023, the Company completed a prioritization of its research and development (R&D) investment within its
Innovative Medicine segment to focus on the most promising medicines with the greatest benefit to patients. This
resulted in the exit of certain programs within certain therapeutic areas. The R&D program exits are primarily in
infectious diseases and vaccines including the discontinuation of its respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) adult
vaccine program, hepatitis and HIV development. Pre-tax Restructuring expenses of $ 149million in the fiscal third
quarter and $ 424million in the fiscal nine months included the termination of partnered and non-partnered
development program costs and asset impairments. The estimated costs of these total activities is between $ 500- $
600million and is expected to be completed in fiscal year 2024.

In the third quarter of 2023, the Company initiated a restructuring program of its Orthopaedics franchise within
its MedTech segment to streamline operations by exiting certain markets, product lines and distribution network
arrangements. The pre-tax restructuring expense of $ 235million in the fiscal third quarter and nine months
primarily included inventory and instrument charges related to market and product exits. The estimated costs of the
total program are between $ 700million - $ 800million and is expected to be completed by the end of fiscal year
2025.
The following table summarizes the restructuring expenses for 2023:
                                                                                   
                                       Fiscal Third Quarter    Fiscal Nine Months  
  (Pre-tax Dollars in Millions)                       Ended                 Ended  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Innovative Medicine Segment(1)    $                   149                   424  
  MedTech Segment(2)                                    235                   235  
  Total Programs                    $                   384                   659  
                                                                                   
(1 ) Included in Restructuring on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings
(2) Included $ 9million in the Restructuring and $ 226million in Cost of products sold on the Consolidated
Statement of Earnings
                                                        42                                                         
Table of Contents

Item 2 — MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Sales to Customers

Analysis of Consolidated Sales

For the fiscal nine months of 2023, worldwide sales were $63.8 billion, a total increase of 6.2%, including an
operational increase of 7.5% as compared to 2022 fiscal nine months sales of $60.1 billion. Currency fluctuations
had a negative impact of 1.3% for the fiscal nine months of 2023. In the fiscal nine months of 2023, the net impact
of acquisitions and divestitures on worldwide operational sales growth was a positive 1.5%.

Sales by U.S. companies were $34.4 billion in the fiscal nine months of 2023, which represented an increase of
10.5% as compared to the prior year. In the fiscal nine months of 2023, the net impact of acquisitions and
divestitures on the U.S. operational sales growth was a positive 2.5%. Sales by international companies were $29.3
billion, an increase of 1.5%, including an operational increase of 4.2%, and a negative currency impact of 2.7% as
compared to the fiscal nine months sales of 2022. In the fiscal nine months of 2023, the net impact of acquisitions
and divestitures on the international operational sales growth was a positive 0.5%.

In the fiscal nine months of 2023, sales by companies in Europe experienced a decline of 0.6%, which included an
operational decline of 1.0% and a positive currency impact of 0.4%. In the fiscal nine months of 2023, the net
impact of Covid-19 Vaccine and the loss of exclusivity of Zytiga on the European regions change in operational
sales was a negative 7.9%. Sales by companies in the Western Hemisphere, excluding the U.S., achieved growth of
9.7%, which included an operational increase of 15.0%, and a negative currency impact of 5.3%. Sales by companies
in the Asia-Pacific, Africa region achieved growth of 2.2%, including an operational increase of 8.7% and a
negative currency impact of 6.5%.
                                        Note: values may have been rounded                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                        43                                                         
Table of Contents

For the fiscal third quarter of 2023, worldwide sales were $21.4 billion, a total increase of 6.8%, which included
operational growth of 6.4% and a positive currency impact of 0.4% as compared to 2022 fiscal third quarter sales of
$20.0 billion. In the fiscal third quarter of 2023, the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on worldwide
operational sales growth was a positive 1.5%.

Sales by U.S. companies were $12.0 billion in the fiscal third quarter of 2023, which represented an increase of
11.1% as compared to the prior year. In the fiscal third quarter of 2023, the net impact of acquisitions and
divestitures on the U.S. operational sales growth was a positive 2.2%. Sales by international companies were $9.4
billion, a total increase of 1.6%, which included operational growth of 0.7% and a positive currency impact of
0.9%. In the fiscal third quarter of 2023, the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on the international
operational sales growth was a positive 0.4%.

In the fiscal third quarter of 2023, sales by companies in Europe experienced a decline of 2.4%, which included an
operational decline of 7.8% and a positive currency impact of 5.4%. In the fiscal third quarter of 2023, the net
impact of Covid-19 Vaccine and the loss of exclusivity of Zytiga on the European regions change in operational
sales was a negative 16.1%. Sales by companies in the Western Hemisphere, excluding the U.S., achieved growth of
10.5%, including operational growth of 12.8% and a negative currency impact of 2.3%. Sales by companies in the
Asia-Pacific, Africa region achieved growth of 4.8%, including operational growth of 9.4% and a negative currency
impact of 4.6%.
                                        Note: values may have been rounded                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                        44                                                         
Table of Contents

Analysis of Sales by Business Segments
                                                                                                                   
  Innovative Medicine**                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
Innovative Medicine segment sales in the fiscal nine months of 2023 were $41.0 billion, an increase of 4.2% as
compared to the same period a year ago, with an operational increase of 5.1% and a negative currency impact of
0.9%. U.S. Innovative Medicine sales increased 8.8% as compared to the same period a year ago. International
Innovative Medicine sales decreased by 1.2%, including operational growth of 0.8% offset by a negative currency
impact of 2.0%. In the fiscal nine months of 2023, the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on the
Innovative Medicine segment operational sales growth was a negative 0.1%.

Major Innovative Medicine Therapeutic Area Sales*** — Fiscal Nine Months Ended
                                                                                                                   
  (Dollars in                                   October 2,     Total           Operations           Currency       
  Millions)           October 1, 2023                 2022    Change               Change             Change       
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Immunology       $           13,457    $          12,817       5.0      %           5.9      %        -0.9    %  
  REMICADE                      1,410                1,868     -24.5                -23.6               -0.9       
  SIMPONI/                      1,695                1,682       0.8                  2.9               -2.1       
  SIMPONI ARIA                                                                                                     
  STELARA                       8,105                7,336      10.5                 11.1               -0.6       
  TREMFYA                       2,237                1,916      16.8                 17.4               -0.6       
  Other                             9                   14     -36.1                -36.1                  —       
  Immunology                                                                                                       
  Infectious                    3,566                3,908      -8.7                 -9.3                0.6       
  Diseases                                                                                                         
  COVID-19                      1,073                1,490            -27.9                -29.2              1.3  
  VACCINE                                                                                                          
  EDURANT/rilp…                   843                  718      17.5                 15.8                1.7       
  PREZISTA/                                                                                                        
  PREZCOBIX/                    1,415                1,450      -2.4                 -2.5                0.1       
  REZOLSTA/                                                                                                        
  SYMTUZA                                                                                                          
  Other                                                                                                            
  Infectious                      235                  251      -6.4                 -2.6               -3.8       
  Diseases                                                                                                         
  Neuroscience                  5,339                5,156       3.5                  5.4               -1.9       
  CONCERTA/met…                   603                  476      26.7                 30.7               -4.0       
  INVEGA                                                                                                           
  SUSTENNA/                                                                                                        
  XEPLION/                      3,104                3,132      -0.9                 -0.1               -0.8       
  INVEGA                                                                                                           
  TRINZA/                                                                                                          
  TREVICTA                                                                                                         
  SPRAVATO                        483                  255      88.8                 88.7                0.1       
  Other                         1,149                1,293     -11.0                 -7.1               -3.9       
  Neuroscience…                                                                                                    
  Oncology                     13,043               12,056       8.2                  9.3               -1.1       
  CARVYKTI                        341                   79                *                    *                —  
  DARZALEX                      7,194                5,894      22.1                 23.2               -1.1       
  ERLEADA                       1,740                1,340      29.8                 30.9               -1.1       
  IMBRUVICA                     2,476                2,918     -15.2                -14.2               -1.0       
  ZYTIGA/                                                                                                          
  abiraterone                     686                1,500     -54.2                -52.6               -1.6       
  acetate                                                                                                          
  Other                           605                  324      86.5                 87.4               -0.9       
  Oncology                                                                                                         
  Pulmonary                     2,798                2,547       9.9                 11.3               -1.4       
  Hypertension                                                                                                     
  OPSUMIT                       1,437                1,322       8.7                  9.9               -1.2       
  UPTRAVI                       1,163                  986      18.0                 18.7               -0.7       
  Other                                                                                                            
  Pulmonary                       199                  239     -16.9                -11.8               -5.1       
  Hypertension                                                                                                     
  Cardiovascul…                                                                                                    
  / Metabolism                  2,834                2,916      -2.8                 -2.6               -0.2       
  / Other                                                                                                          
  XARELTO                       1,840                1,806       1.9                  1.9                  —       
  Other(2)                        994                1,110     -10.5                 -9.8               -0.7       
  Total                                                                                                            
  Innovative       $           41,037    $          39,400       4.2      %           5.1      %        -0.9    %  
  Medicine                                                                                                         
  Sales                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
* Percentage greater than 100% or not meaningful

**Previously referred to as Pharmaceutical
                                                        45                                                         
Table of Contents

***Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation

(1) Inclusive of RISPERDAL CONSTA which was previously disclosed separately

(2) Inclusive of INVOKANA which was previously disclosed separately

Innovative Medicine segment sales in the fiscal third quarter of 2023 were $13.9 billion, an increase of 5.1% as
compared to the same period a year ago, including an operational increase of 4.3% and a positive currency impact of
0.8%. U.S. Innovative Medicine sales increased 10.9% as compared to the same period a year ago. International
Innovative Medicine sales decreased by 2.3%, including an operational decline of 4.3% and a positive currency
impact of 2.0%. In the fiscal third quarter of 2023, the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on the
Innovative Medicine segment operational sales growth was a negative 0.1%.

Major Innovative Medicine Therapeutic Area Sales** — Fiscal Third Quarter Ended
                                                                                                                   
  (Dollars in                                                    Total           Operations           Currency     
  Millions)            October 1, 2023       October 2, 2022    Change               Change             Change     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Immunology        $            4,849    $            4,287      13.1      %          12.4      %         0.7  %  
  REMICADE                         461                   558     -17.4                -17.1               -0.3     
  SIMPONI/                         629                   545      15.3                 15.8               -0.5     
  SIMPONI ARIA                                                                                                     
  STELARA                        2,864                 2,449      16.9                 15.8                1.1     
  TREMFYA                          891                   729      22.2                 21.5                0.7     
  Other                              2                     5            -47.1                -47.1              —  
  Immunology                                                                                                       
  Infectious                       859                 1,295     -33.6                -37.8                4.2     
  Diseases                                                                                                         
  COVID-19                          41                   489     -91.5                -97.8                6.3     
  VACCINE                                                                                                          
  EDURANT/rilpi…                   297                   245      21.0                 13.3                7.7     
  PREZISTA/                                                                                                        
  PREZCOBIX/                       447                   485      -7.8                 -9.0                1.2     
  REZOLSTA/SYMT…                                                                                                   
  Other                                                                                                            
  Infectious                        74                    77      -3.6                 -0.5               -3.1     
  Diseases                                                                                                         
  Neuroscience                   1,742                 1,681              3.6           4.6               -1.0     
  CONCERTA/                        189                   158      20.0                 21.4               -1.4     
  methylphenida…                                                                                                   
  INVEGA                                                                                                           
  SUSTENNA/                                                                                                        
  XEPLION/                       1,029                 1,031      -0.2                 -0.3                0.1     
  INVEGA                                                                                                           
  TRINZA/TREVIC…                                                                                                   
  SPRAVATO                         183                   100      82.1                 81.0                1.1     
  Other                            340                   393     -13.2                 -8.7               -4.5     
  Neuroscience(…                                                                                                   
  Oncology                       4,533                 4,064      11.5                 10.4                1.1     
  CARVYKTI                         152                    55                *                    *              —  
  DARZALEX                       2,499                 2,052      21.8                 20.7                1.1     
  ERLEADA                          631                   490      28.7                 27.0                1.7     
  IMBRUVICA                        808                   911     -11.3                -12.6                1.3     
  ZYTIGA/                                                                                                          
  abiraterone                      214                   456     -53.0                -53.2                0.2     
  acetate                                                                                                          
  Other Oncology                   229                   100                *                    *              *  
  Pulmonary                        954                   852      12.0                 12.4               -0.4     
  Hypertension                                                                                                     
  OPSUMIT                          490                   441      11.2                 10.9                0.3     
  UPTRAVI                          402                   333      20.7                 21.1               -0.4     
  Other                                                                                                            
  Pulmonary                         63                    78     -19.8                -16.6               -3.2     
  Hypertension                                                                                                     
  Cardiovascular                                                                                                   
  / Metabolism /                   957                 1,034      -7.5                 -8.0                0.5     
  Other                                                                                                            
  XARELTO                          625                   689      -9.4                 -9.4                  —     
  Other(2)                         332                   345      -3.8                 -5.3                1.5     
  Total                                                                                                            
  Innovative        $           13,893    $           13,214       5.1      %           4.3      %         0.8  %  
  Medicine Sales                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
* Percentage greater than 100% or not meaningful

**Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation

(1) Inclusive of RISPERDAL CONSTA which was previously disclosed separately

(2) Inclusive of INVOKANA which was previously disclosed separately
                                                        46                                                         
Table of Contents

Immunology products achieved operational growth of 12.4% as compared to the same period a year ago. Increased sales
of STELARA (ustekinumab) was driven by patient mix, market growth, and continued strength in IBD. Growth of TREMFYA
(guselkumab) was due to patient mix, market growth and continued strength in PsO/PsA. Additionally, SIMPONI/SIMPONI
ARIA growth was driven by market growth and favorable mix. Lower sales of REMICADE (infliximab) were due to
biosimilar competition.

Biosimilar versions of REMICADE have been introduced in the United States and certain markets outside the United
States and additional competitors continue to enter the market. Continued infliximab biosimilar competition will
result in a further reduction in sales of REMICADE.

The latest expiring United States composition of matter patent for STELARA (ustekinumab) expired in September 2023.
STELARA (ustekinumab) U.S. sales in fiscal 2022 were approximately $6.4 billion. Third parties have filed
abbreviated Biologics License Applications with the FDA seeking approval to market biosimilar versions of STELARA.
In May 2023, the Company settled litigation with Amgen under the Biosimilar Price Competition and Innovation Act of
2009. As a result of the settlement and other agreements with separate third parties, the Company does not
anticipate the launch of a biosimilar version of STELARA until January 1, 2025 in the United States.

Infectious disease products experienced an operational decline of 37.8% as compared to the same period a year ago
primarily driven by a decline in COVID-19 vaccine revenue.

Neuroscience products achieved operational sales growth of 4.6% as compared to the same period a year ago. The
growth of SPRAVATO (esketamine) was driven by ongoing launches as well as increased physician confidence and
patient demand. Growth was partially offset by declines in RISPERDAL/RISPERDAL CONSTA and the paliperidone long-
acting injectables, due to the XEPLION loss of exclusivity in the European Union.

Oncology products achieved operational sales growth of 10.4% as compared to the same period a year ago. Strong
sales of DARZALEX (daratumumab) were driven by continued share gains in all regions and market growth. Growth of
ERLEADA (apalutamide) was due to continued share gains and market growth in Metastatic Castrate Resistant Prostate
Cancer. Sales of CARVYKTI (ciltacabtagene autoleucel) were driven by the ongoing launch, share gains and capacity
improvement. Additionally, sales from the launch of TECVAYLI (teclistamab-cqyv), included in Other Oncology,
contributed to the growth. Growth was partially offset by ZYTIGA (abiraterone acetate) due to loss of exclusivity
and IMBRUVICA (ibrutinib) due to global competitive pressures.

Pulmonary Hypertension achieved operational sales growth of 12.4% as compared to the same period a year ago. Sales
growth was due to favorable patient mix, share gains and market growth from UPTRAVI (selexipag) and OPSUMIT
(macitentan) partially offset by declines in Other Pulmonary Hypertension.

Cardiovascular / Metabolism / Other products experienced an operational decline of 8.0% as compared to the same
period a year ago. The decline of XARELTO (rivaroxaban) sales was primarily driven by unfavorable patient mix and
access changes.

The Company maintains a policy that no end customer will be permitted direct delivery of product to a location
other than the billing location. This policy impacts contract pharmacy transactions involving non-grantee 340B
covered entities for most of the Company’s drugs, subject to multiple exceptions. Both grantee and non-grantee
covered entities can maintain certain contract pharmacy arrangements under policy exceptions. The Company has been
and will continue to offer 340B discounts to covered entities on all of its covered outpatient drugs, and it
believes its policy will improve its ability to identify inappropriate duplicate discounts and diversion prohibited
by the 340B statute. The 340B Drug Pricing Program is a U.S. federal government program requiring drug
manufacturers to provide significant discounts on covered outpatient drugs to covered entities. This policy had
discount implications which positively impacted sales to customers in the fiscal nine months of 2023.
                                                        47                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  MedTech                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
The MedTech segment sales in the fiscal nine months of 2023 were $22.7 billion, an increase of 10.0% as compared to
the same period a year ago, with an operational increase of 12.0% and a negative currency impact of 2.0%. U.S.
MedTech sales increased 14.2%. International MedTech sales increased by 6.2%, including an operational increase of
10.0% and a negative currency impact of 3.8%. In the fiscal nine months of 2023, the net impact of acquisitions and
divestitures on the MedTech segment operational sales growth was a positive 4.6% primarily related to the Abiomed
acquisition on December 22, 2022.

Major MedTech Franchise Sales** — Fiscal Nine Months Ended
                                                                                                                   
                                                                         Total       Operations       Currency     
  (Dollars in Millions)        October 1, 2023       October 2, 2022    Change           Change         Change     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Surgery                   $            7,507    $            7,306       2.7  %           5.3  %        -2.6  %  
  Advanced                               3,504                 3,460       1.3              3.8           -2.5     
  General                                4,002                 3,846       4.1              6.5           -2.4     
  Orthopaedics                           6,674                 6,440       3.6              4.5           -0.9     
  Hips                                   1,162                 1,129       2.9              3.8           -0.9     
  Knees                                  1,069                 1,005       6.4              7.2           -0.8     
  Trauma                                 2,238                 2,161       3.5              4.0           -0.5     
  Spine, Sports & Other                  2,205                 2,144       2.8              4.0           -1.2     
  Interventional                         4,681                 3,202      46.2             48.9           -2.7     
  Solutions                                                                                                        
  Electrophysiology                      3,449                 2,943      17.2             19.8           -2.6     
  Abiomed                                  966                     —            *                *              —  
  Other Interventional                     267                   258       3.3              6.8           -3.5     
  Solutions                                                                                                        
  Vision                                 3,864                 3,704       4.3              6.6           -2.3     
  Contact Lenses/Other                   2,820                 2,712       4.0              6.6           -2.6     
  Surgical                               1,044                   992       5.3              6.6           -1.3     
  Total MedTech Sales       $           22,727    $           20,651      10.0  %          12.0  %        -2.0  %  
                                                                                                                   
* Percentage greater than 100% or not meaningful

**Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation

The MedTech segment sales in the fiscal third quarter of 2023 were $7.5 billion, an increase of 10.0% as compared
to the same period a year ago, which included operational growth of 10.4% and a negative currency impact of 0.4%.
U.S. MedTech sales increased 11.6%. International MedTech sales increased by 8.3%, including operational growth of
9.2% and a negative currency impact of 0.9%. In the fiscal third quarter of 2023, the net impact of acquisitions
and divestitures on the MedTech segment operational sales growth was a positive 4.4%, primarily related to the
Abiomed acquisition.
                                                        48                                                         
Table of Contents

Major MedTech Franchise Sales** — Fiscal Third Quarter Ended
                                                                                                                   
                                                                         Total       Operations       Currency     
  (Dollars in Millions)        October 1, 2023       October 2, 2022    Change           Change         Change     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Surgery                   $            2,479    $            2,422       2.3  %           3.2  %        -0.9  %  
  Advanced                               1,164                 1,158       0.5              1.5           -1.0     
  General                                1,314                 1,264       4.0              4.8           -0.8     
  Orthopaedics                           2,164                 2,095       3.4              2.6            0.8     
  Hips                                     375                   352       6.5              5.8            0.7     
  Knees                                    338                   317       6.7              5.7            1.0     
  Trauma                                   742                   717       3.5              2.4            1.1     
  Spine, Sports & Other                    710                   708       0.2             -0.2            0.4     
  Interventional                         1,558                 1,060      47.0             48.1           -1.1     
  Solutions                                                                                                        
  Electrophysiology                      1,161                   973      19.3             20.3           -1.0     
  Abiomed                                  311                     —            *                *              —  
  Other Interventional                      87                    87      -0.3              1.6           -1.9     
  Solutions                                                                                                        
  Vision                                 1,256                 1,206       4.2              5.4           -1.2     
  Contact Lenses/Other                     928                   908       2.2              4.0           -1.8     
  Surgical                                 328                   298      10.3              9.5            0.8     
  Total MedTech Sales       $            7,458    $            6,782      10.0  %          10.4  %        -0.4  %  
                                                                                                                   
* Percentage greater than 100% or not meaningful

**Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation

The Surgery franchise achieved operational sales growth of 3.2% as compared to the prior year fiscal third quarter.
The operational growth in Advanced Surgery was primarily driven by Biosurgery global procedure growth and strength
of the portfolio as well as uptake of new products in Endocutters and Energy. The growth was partially offset by
competitive pressures in Endocutters predominantly in the U.S., volume-based procurement impacts in Endocutters and
Energy, Russia sanctions, modest Bariatric softness, supply challenges in Endocutters, and Energy product sales
declines compared to elevated results in the prior year due to competitive supply challenges. The operational
growth in General Surgery was primarily driven by increased procedures coupled with technology penetration and
benefits from the differentiated Wound Closure portfolio. The growth was partially offset by Russia sanctions.

The Orthopaedics franchise achieved operational sales growth of 2.6% as compared to the prior year fiscal third
quarter. The operational growth in hips reflects global procedure growth and continued strength of the portfolio
partially offset by Russia Sanctions. The operational growth in knees was primarily driven by procedures, benefits
from launches in the ATTUNE portfolio and pull through related to the VELYS Robotic assisted solution. This was
partially offset by Russia sanctions and supply constraints, primarily outside the U.S. The operational growth in
Trauma was driven by global procedures and the adoption of recently launched products. This was partially offset by
the timing of international tenders and volume-based procurement impacts. The operational decline in Spine, Sports
& Other was primarily driven by volume-based procurement impacts and Russia sanctions in Spine partially offset by
growth in Digital Solutions, Shoulders, Sports and Craniomaxillofacial products.

The Interventional Solutions franchise achieved operational sales growth of 48.1% as compared to the prior year
fiscal third quarter which includes sales from Abiomed acquired on December 22, 2022. Electrophysiology grew by
double digits due to global procedure growth, new product performance and commercial execution. This was partially
offset by the impacts of volume-based procurement in China and Russia sanctions. Abiomed sales reflect the strength
of all commercialized regions and continued adoption of Impella 5.5 and Impella RP.

The Vision franchise achieved operational sales growth of 5.4% as compared to the prior year fiscal third quarter.
The Contact Lenses/Other operational growth was primarily driven by the continued strong performance in the ACUVUE
OASYS 1-Day family (including recent launches) and commercial execution. This was partially offset by impacts of
U.S. stocking dynamics, Russia sanctions, impacts from strategic portfolio decisions and continued but improving
supply challenges. The Surgical operational growth was primarily driven by cataract procedure growth, continued
strength of recent innovations and reduction
                                                        49                                                         
Table of Contents

of prior year stocking outside the U.S. This was partially offset by softer Refractive and premium IOL markets and
Russia sanctions.

ANALYSIS OF CONSOLIDATED EARNINGS BEFORE PROVISION FOR TAXES ON INCOME

Consolidated earnings before provision for taxes on income for the fiscal nine months of 2023 was $10.2 billion
representing 16.1% of sales as compared to $15.5 billion in the fiscal nine months of 2022, representing 25.8% of
sales. The decline was primarily related to the talc settlement proposal in the fiscal first quarter.

Consolidated earnings before provision for taxes on income for the fiscal third quarter of 2023 was $5.2 billion
representing 24.4% of sales as compared to $5.2 billion in the fiscal third quarter of 2022, representing 25.9% of
sales.
                                                                                                                   
  Cost of Products Sold                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
                    (Dollars in billions. Percentages in chart are as a percent to total sales)                    
Fiscal nine months Q3 2023 versus Fiscal nine months Q3 2022

Cost of products sold increased as a percent to sales driven by:

• Favorable patient mix and lower one-time COVID-19 vaccine manufacturing related exit costs in 2023 in the
Innovative Medicine business

• Commodity inflation, restructuring related excess inventory costs and Abiomed amortization in the MedTech
business

The intangible asset amortization expense included in cost of products sold for the fiscal nine months of 2023 and
2022 was $3.4 billion and $3.0 billion, respectively.

Q3 2023 versus Q3 2022

Cost of products sold was flat as a percent to sales primarily driven by:

• Favorable patient mix and lower one-time COVID-19 vaccine manufacturing related exit costs in 2023 in the
Innovative Medicine business

offset by

• Commodity inflation, unfavorable product mix, restructuring related excess inventory costs and Abiomed
amortization in the MedTech business

The intangible asset amortization expense included in cost of products sold for the fiscal third quarters of 2023
and 2022 was $1.1 billion and $1.0 billion, respectively.
                                                        50                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Selling, Marketing and Administrative Expenses                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                    (Dollars in billions. Percentages in chart are as a percent to total sales)                    
Fiscal nine months Q3 2023 versus Fiscal nine months Q3 2022

Selling, Marketing and Administrative Expenses decreased slightly as a percent to sales driven by:

• Leveraging in both the Innovative Medicine and MedTech businesses

Q3 2023 versus Q3 2022

Selling, Marketing and Administrative Expenses increased as a percent to sales primarily driven by:

• Increased enterprise wide expenses

partially offset by

• Leveraging in the Innovative Medicine business
                                                                                                                   
  Research and Development Expense                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                    (Dollars in billions. Percentages in chart are as a percent to total sales)                    
Fiscal nine months Q3 2023 versus Fiscal nine months Q3 2022

Research and Development decreased as a percent to sales driven by:

• Cost management initiatives in the MedTech business

• Portfolio prioritization in the Innovative Medicine business

partially offset by

• acquired in-process research & development costs in the Innovative Medicine business

Q3 2023 versus Q3 2022

Research and Development decreased as a percent to sales driven by:

• Portfolio prioritization in the Innovative Medicine business

partially offset by

• higher milestone payments in the Innovative Medicine business

In-Process Research and Development (IPR&D) Impairments

In the fiscal third quarter of 2023, the Company recorded a charge of approximately $0.2 billion related to market
dynamics associated with a non-strategic asset (M710) acquired as part of the acquisition of Momenta
Pharmaceuticals in 2020. In the fiscal first quarter of 2023, the Company recorded a charge of approximately $0.1
billion associated with the IPR&D acquired with Pulsar Vascular in 2016. In the first fiscal nine months of 2022,
the Company recorded an intangible asset impairment
                                                        51                                                         
Table of Contents

charge of approximately $0.6 billion related to an in-process research and development asset, bermekimab
(JnJ-77474462), an investigational drug for the treatment of Atopic Dermatitis (AD) and Hidradenitis Suppurativa
(HS). The Company acquired all rights to bermekimab from XBiotech, Inc. in the fiscal year 2020.
                                                                                                                   
  Interest (Income) Expense                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   
Interest income in the first fiscal nine months of 2023 was $898 million as compared to $236 million in the same
period a year ago primarily due to higher rates of interest earned on cash balances. Interest income in the fiscal
third quarter of 2023 was $374 million as compared to $150 million in the fiscal third quarter of 2022 primarily
due to higher rates of interest earned on cash balances. Interest expense in the first fiscal nine months of 2023
was $621 million as compared to $99 million in the same period a year ago primarily due to higher interest rates on
the debt balance. Interest expense in the fiscal third quarter of 2023 was $192 million as compared to $51 million
in the same period a year ago primarily due to higher interest rates on the debt balance. The balance of cash, cash
equivalents and current marketable securities was $23.5 billion at the end of the fiscal third quarter of 2023 as
compared to $33.1 billion at the end of the fiscal third quarter of 2022. The Company’s debt position was $29.9
billion as of October 1, 2023, as compared to $32.0 billion the same period a year ago.
                                                                                                                   
  Other (Income) Expense, Net*                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Fiscal nine months Q3 2023 versus Fiscal nine months Q3 2022

Other (income) expense, net for the fiscal nine months of 2023 was unfavorable by $7.0 billion as compared to the
prior year primarily due to the following:
                                                                      
  Fiscal Nine Months                                                  
  (Dollars in Billions)(Income)/Expense       2023    2022    Change  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Litigation related(1)                    $   6.7     0.6       6.1  
  Changes in the fair value of                 1.1     0.7       0.4  
  securities(2)                                                       
  COVID-19 Vaccine related exit costs          0.4     0.2       0.2  
  Employee benefit plan related               -1.1    -0.9      -0.2  
  Other                                       -0.1    -0.6       0.5  
  Total Other (Income) Expense, Net        $   7.0     0.0       7.0  
                                                                      
(1) Primarily related to the talc settlement proposal. The fiscal nine months of 2023 includes favorable
intellectual property related litigation settlements of approximately $0.3 billion. Primarily related to pelvic
mesh in the fiscal nine months of 2022.

(2) The fiscal nine months of 2023 includes $0.6 billion related to the unfavorable change in the fair value of the
Kenvue securities and $0.4 billion related to the partial impairment of Idorsia convertible debt and the change in
the fair value of the Idorsia equity securities held.

Q3 2023 versus Q3 2022

Other (income) expense, net for the fiscal third quarter of 2023 was unfavorable by $0.3 billion as compared to the
prior year primarily due to the following:
                                                                      
  Fiscal Third Quarter                                                
  (Dollars in Billions)(Income)/Expense       2023    2022    Change  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Changes in the fair value of             $   1.0     0.2       0.8  
  securities(1)                                                       
  Employee benefit plan related               -0.3    -0.3         —  
  Litigation related                          -0.1     0.2      -0.3  
  COVID-19 Vaccine related exit costs          0.0     0.2      -0.2  
  Other                                       -0.1    -0.1         —  
  Total Other (Income) Expense, Net        $   0.5     0.2       0.3  
                                                                      
(1) The fiscal third quarter of 2023 includes $0.6 billion related to the unfavorable change in the fair value of
the Kenvue securities and $0.4 billion related to the partial impairment of Idorsia convertible debt and the change
in the fair value of the Idorsia equity securities held.

*Other (income) expense, net is the account where the Company records gains and losses related to the sale and
write-down of certain investments in equity securities held by Johnson & Johnson Innovation - JJDC, Inc. (JJDC),
changes in the fair value of securities, gains and losses on divestitures, gains and losses on sale of assets,
certain transactional currency gains and losses, acquisition-related costs, litigation accruals and settlements,
investment (income)/loss related to employee benefit plans, as well as royalty income.
                                                        52                                                         
Table of Contents

EARNINGS BEFORE PROVISION FOR TAXES BY SEGMENT

Income before tax by segment of business for the fiscal nine months were as follows:
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                   Percent of                      
                      Income                           Segment                        Segment                      
  (Dollars        Before Tax                             Sales                          Sales                      
  in              October 1,       October 2,       October 1,       October 2,    October 1,       October 2,     
  Millions)             2023             2022             2023             2022          2023             2022     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Innovati…    $      14,008    $      12,424    $      41,037    $      39,400          34.1  %          31.5  %  
  Medicine                                                                                                         
  MedTech              4,265            3,641           22,727           20,651          18.8             17.6     
  Segment                                                                                                          
  earnings            18,273           16,065           63,764           60,051          28.7             26.8     
  before                                                                                                           
  tax                                                                                                              
  Less:                                                                                                            
  Expenses                                                                                                         
  not                  8,037              546                                                                      
  allocated                                                                                                        
  to                                                                                                               
  segments…                                                                                                        
  Worldwide                                                                                                        
  income       $      10,236    $      15,519    $      63,764    $      60,051          16.1  %          25.8  %  
  before                                                                                                           
  tax                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
(1) Amounts not allocated to segments include interest (income) expense and general corporate (income) expense. The
fiscal nine months of 2023 includes an approximately $7 billion charge related to the talc settlement proposal and
the approximately $0.6 billion unfavorable change in the fair value of the retained stake in Kenvue.
                                                                                                                   
  Innovative Medicine Segment                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
The Innovative Medicine segment income before tax as a percent of sales in the fiscal nine months of 2023 was 34.1%
versus 31.5% for the same period a year ago. The increase in the income before tax as a percent of sales for the
fiscal nine months of 2023 as compared to the prior year was primarily driven by the following:

• Favorable patient mix

• A lower IPR&D impairment charge of $0.2 billion in 2023 versus $0.6 billion in 2022

• Favorable changes in the fair value of securities in 2023 of $0.2 billion as compared to 2022

• Leveraging in selling, marketing and administrative expenses

• Portfolio prioritization

partially offset by

• Restructuring charges of $0.4 billion in 2023

• Acquired in-process research & development costs of $0.2 billion
                                                                                                                   
  MedTech Segment                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
The MedTech segment income before tax as a percent of sales in the fiscal nine months of 2023 was 18.8% versus
17.6% for the same period a year ago. The increase in the income before tax as a percent of sales for the fiscal
nine months of 2023 was primarily driven by the following:

• Litigation expense of $0.5 billion in 2022

• Leveraging in selling and marketing expenses

partially offset by

• Higher amortization expense of $0.4 billion in 2023 related to Abiomed

• An IPR&D charge in 2023 of approximately $0.1 billion related to the Pulsar Vascular acquisition

• Acquisition costs related to Abiomed of $0.1 billion in 2023

• Commodity inflation in 2023

Income before tax by segment of business for the fiscal third quarters were as follows:
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                   Percent of                      
                      Income                           Segment                        Segment                      
  (Dollars        Before Tax                             Sales                          Sales                      
  in              October 1,       October 2,       October 1,       October 2,    October 1,       October 2,     
  Millions)             2023             2022             2023             2022          2023             2022     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Innovati…    $       4,794    $       4,186    $      13,893    $      13,214          34.5  %          31.7  %  
  Medicine                                                                                                         
  MedTech              1,185            1,090            7,458            6,782          15.9             16.1     
  Segment                                                                                                          
  earnings             5,979            5,276           21,351           19,996          28.0             26.4     
  before                                                                                                           
  tax                                                                                                              
  Less:                                                                                                            
  Expenses                                                                                                         
  not                    762              104                                                                      
  allocated                                                                                                        
  to                                                                                                               
  segments…                                                                                                        
  Worldwide                                                                                                        
  income       $       5,217    $       5,172    $      21,351    $      19,996          24.4  %          25.9  %  
  before                                                                                                           
  tax                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
                                                        53                                                         
Table of Contents

(1) Amounts not allocated to segments include interest (income) expense, certain litigation expenses and general
corporate (income) expense. The fiscal third quarter of 2023 includes the unfavorable change in the fair value in
the retained stake in Kenvue of approximately $0.6 billion.
                                                                                                                   
  Innovative Medicine Segment                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
The Innovative Medicine segment income before tax as a percent of sales in the fiscal third quarter of 2023 was
34.5% versus 31.7% for the same period a year ago. The increase in the income before tax as a percent of sales for
the fiscal third quarter as compared to the prior year was primarily driven by the following:

• One-time COVID-19 Vaccine related exit costs of $0.4 billion in 2022

• Favorable patient mix

• Leveraging in selling, marketing and administrative expenses

• Portfolio prioritization

partially offset by

• An IPR&D charge of $0.2 billion in 2023

• Restructuring charges of $0.1 billion in 2023

• Unfavorable changes in the fair value of securities in 2023 of $0.4 billion as compared to $0.2 billion in 2022
                                                                                                                   
  MedTech Segment                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
The MedTech segment income before tax as a percent of sales in the fiscal third quarter of 2023 was 15.9% versus
16.1% for the same period a year ago. The decline in the income before tax as a percent of sales for the fiscal
third quarter was primarily driven by the following:

• Higher amortization expense of $0.4 billion in 2023 primarily related to Abiomed as compared to $0.3 billion in
2022.

• Higher restructuring charges of $0.2 billion in 2023 as compared to $0.1 billion in 2022

• Commodity inflation in 2023

• Unfavorable product mix

partially offset by

• Litigation expense of $0.2 billion in 2022

• Leveraging in selling, marketing and administrative expenses
                                                                                                                   
  Restructuring                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
In the fiscal nine months of 2023, the Company completed a prioritization of its research and development (R&D)
investment within the Innovative Medicine segment to focus on the most promising medicines with the greatest
benefit to patients. This resulted in the exit of certain programs within therapeutic areas. The R&D program exits
are primarily in infectious diseases and vaccines including the discontinuation of its respiratory syncytial virus
(RSV) adult vaccine program, hepatitis and HIV development. The pre-tax restructuring charge of approximately $0.1
billion and $0.4 billion in the fiscal third quarter and fiscal nine months of 2023, respectively, included the
termination of partnered and non-partnered program costs and asset impairments.

In the third quarter of 2023, the Company initiated a restructuring program of its Orthopaedics franchise within
its MedTech segment to streamline operations by exiting certain markets, product lines and distribution network
arrangements. The pre-tax restructuring expense of $0.2 billion in the fiscal third quarter and fiscal nine months
of 2023, of which $9 million was recorded in Restructuring and $226 million was recorded in Cost of products sold
on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings, primarily included inventory and instrument charges related to market
and product exits.

The Company recorded a pre-tax charge of $0.1 billion in the fiscal third quarter and $0.3 billion in the fiscal
nine months of 2022, related to a restructuring program of its Global Supply Chain. The Global Supply Chain program
was announced in the second quarter of 2018 and was completed in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2022.
                                                        54                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
  Provision for Taxes on Income                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
The worldwide effective income tax rate for the fiscal nine months of 2023 was 10.2% and 15.3% in 2022.

On December 15, 2022, the European Union (EU) Member States formally adopted the EU’s Pillar Two Directive, which
generally provides for a minimum effective tax rate of 15%, as established by the Organization for Economic Co-
operation and Development (OECD) Pillar Two Framework that was supported by over 130 countries worldwide. The EU
effective dates are January 1, 2024, and January 1, 2025, for different aspects of the directive. On July 17, 2023,
the OECD published Administrative Guidance proposing certain safe harbor rules that effectively extend certain
effective dates to January 1, 2027. EU Member States will still need to adopt the OECD Administrative Guidance in
their local Pillar Two legislation for such safe harbor rules to apply. A significant number of other countries are
also considering implementing similar legislation. The Company is continuing to evaluate the potential impact on
future periods of the Pillar Two Framework, pending legislative adoption by additional individual countries,
including those within the European Union.

For further details related to the 2023 provision for taxes refer to Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Cash Flows

Cash and cash equivalents were $19.7 billion at the end of the fiscal third quarter of 2023 as compared with $14.1
billion at the end of fiscal year 2022. The primary sources and uses of cash that contributed to the $5.6 billion
increase were:
                                                                                           
     -Dollars In Billions                                                                  
                     14.1    Q4 2022 Cash and cash equivalents balance                     
                     14.9    net cash generated from operating activities                  
                      2.1    net cash generated from investing activities                  
                    -11.2    net cash used by financing activities                         
                     -0.2    effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents  
  $                  19.7    Q3 2023 Cash and cash equivalents                             
                                                                                           
In addition, the Company had $3.8 billion in marketable securities at the end of the fiscal third quarter of 2023
and $9.4 billion at the end of fiscal year 2022.

Cash flow from operations of $14.9 billion was the result of:
                                                        55                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                                                                                   
     (Dollars In Billions)                                                                                         
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  $                   31.1    Net earnings                                                                         
                     -21.0    gain on Kenvue separation                                                            
                              non-cash expenses and other adjustments primarily for depreciation and               
                       5.5    amortization, stock-based compensation and asset write-downs partially offset by     
                              the deferred tax provision and net gain on sale of assets/businesses                 
                      -2.3    an increase in accounts receivable and inventories                                   
                       2.9    an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities and other current and        
                              non-current liabilities                                                              
                      -1.4    an increase in other current and non-current assets                                  
                       0.1    Rounding                                                                             
  $                   14.9    Cash Flow from operations                                                            
                                                                                                                   
Cash flow from investing activities of $2.1 billion was primarily from:
                                                                                          
     -Dollars In Billions                                                                 
                     -3.0    additions to property, plant and equipment                   
                      0.2    proceeds from the disposal of assets/businesses, net         
                      5.8    net sales of investments                                     
                     -0.9    credit support agreements activity, net  other and rounding  
  $                   2.1    Net cash used by investing activities                        
                                                                                          
Cash flow used by financing activities of $11.2 billion was primarily from:
                                                                                                                   
     (Dollars In Billions)                                                                                         
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  $                   -8.9    dividends to shareholders                                                            
                      -4.8    repurchase of common stock                                                           
                      -9.7    net repayment of short and long term debt                                            
                       8.0    Proceeds of short and long-term debt, net of issuance cost, related to the debt      
                              that transferred to Kenvue at separation                                             
                       4.2    proceeds from Kenvue initial public offering                                         
                      -1.1    Cash transferred to Kenvue at separation                                             
                       0.9    proceeds from stock options exercised/employee withholding tax on stock awards, net  
                       0.1    credit support agreements activity, net                                              
                       0.1    other and rounding                                                                   
  $                  -11.2    Net cash from financing activities                                                   
                                                                                                                   
The Company has access to substantial sources of funds at numerous banks worldwide. In September 2023, the Company
secured a new 364-day Credit Facility of $10 billion, which expires on September 5, 2024. The Company early
terminated the additional 364-day revolving Credit Facility of $10 billion, which had an expiration of November 21,
2023 . Interest charged on borrowings under the credit line agreement is based on either Secured Overnight
Financing Rate (SOFR) Reference Rate or other applicable market rate as allowed plus applicable margins. Commitment
fees under the agreement are not material.

On May 8, 2023, Kenvue, completed an initial public offering (the IPO) resulting in the issuance of 198,734,444
shares of its common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the “Kenvue Common Stock”), at an initial public offering of
$22.00 per share for net proceeds of $4.2 billion. The excess of the net proceeds from the IPO over the net book
value of the Johnson & Johnson divested interest was $2.5 billion and was recorded to additional paid-in capital.
As of the closing of the IPO, Johnson & Johnson owned approximately 89.6% of the total outstanding shares of Kenvue
Common Stock and at July 2, 2023, the non-controlling interest of $1.3 billion associated with Kenvue was reflected
in equity attributable to non-controlling interests in the consolidated balance sheet.
                                                        56                                                         
Table of Contents

On August 23, 2023, Johnson & Johnson completed the disposition of an additional 80.1% ownership of Kenvue Common
Stock through an exchange offer, which resulted in Johnson & Johnson acquiring 190,955,436 shares of the Company’s
common stock in exchange for 1,533,830,450 shares of Kenvue Common Stock. The $31.4 billion of Johnson & Johnson
common stock received in the exchange offer is recorded in Treasury stock. Following the exchange offer, the
Company owns 9.5% of the total outstanding shares of Kenvue Common Stock that was recorded in other assets within
continuing operations at the fair market value of $4.3 billion as of August 23, 2023.

Johnson & Johnson divested net assets of $11.6 billion as of August 23, 2023, and the accumulated other
comprehensive loss attributable to the Consumer Health business at that date was $4.3 billion. Additionally, at the
date of the exchange offer, Johnson & Johnson decreased the non-controlling interest by $1.2 billion to record the
deconsolidation of Kenvue. This resulted in a gain on the exchange offer of $21.0 billion that was recorded in Net
earnings from discontinued operations, net of taxes in the consolidated statements of earnings for the fiscal third
quarter of 2023. This one-time gain includes a gain of $2.8 billion on the Kenvue Common Stock retained by Johnson
& Johnson. The gain on the exchange offer qualifies as a tax-free transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

As of October 1, 2023, the Company's cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities was approximately $23.5
billion and had approximately $29.9 billion of notes payable and long-term debt for a net debt position of $6.4
billion as compared to the prior year net cash position of $1.1 billion. The Company anticipates that operating
cash flows, the ability to raise funds from external sources, borrowing capacity from existing committed credit
facilities and access to the commercial paper markets will continue to provide sufficient resources to fund
operating needs, including the Company’s remaining balance to be paid on the agreement to settle opioid litigation
for approximately $2.1 billion and the establishment of the approximately $9 billion reserve for the talc
settlement proposal (See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details). In addition, the
Company monitors the global capital markets on an ongoing basis and from time to time may raise capital when market
conditions are favorable.

In the fiscal nine months of 2023, the Company paid approximately $4.9 billion to the U.S. Treasury including $1.5
billion related to the current installment due on foreign undistributed earnings as part of the TCJA charge (see
Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended January 1, 2023), $1.4 billion in pre-payments to resolve certain items under examination in its 2013 through
2016 U.S. IRS audit, and $2.0 billion primarily related to the normal estimated payments for the first nine months
of fiscal 2023.

On September 14, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program,
authorizing the Company to purchase up to $5.0 billion of the Company’s Common Stock. As of April 2, 2023, $5.0
billion has been repurchased and the repurchase program was completed.

Dividends

On July 20, 2023, the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of $1.19 per share, payable on September
7, 2023, to shareholders of record as of August 28, 2023.

On October 19, 2023, the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of $1.19 per share, payable on
December 5, 2023, to shareholders of record as of November 21, 2023. The Company expects to continue the practice
of paying regular quarterly cash dividends.

OTHER INFORMATION

New Accounting Pronouncements

Refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for new accounting pronouncements.

Economic and Market Factors

In July 2023, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Janssen) filed litigation against the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services as well as the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services challenging the constitutionality of the
Inflation Reduction Act’s (IRA) Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. The litigation requests a declaration that
the IRA violates Janssen’s rights under the First Amendment and the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution and
therefore that Janssen is not subject to the IRA’s mandatory pricing scheme.

Russia-Ukraine War

Although the long-term implications of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine are difficult to predict at this time, the
financial impact of the conflict in the fiscal third quarter and fiscal nine months of 2023, including accounts
receivable or inventory reserves, was not material. As of the fiscal nine months ending October 1, 2023, the
business of the Company’s Russian subsidiaries
                                                        57                                                         
Table of Contents

represented less than 1% of both Company’s consolidated assets and revenues. The Company does not maintain Ukraine
subsidiaries within continuing operations post the Kenvue separation.

In early March of 2022, the Company took steps to suspend all advertising, enrollment in clinical trials, and any
additional investment in Russia. The Company continues to supply products relied upon by patients for healthcare
purposes.

Conflict in Israel

Although the long-term implications of Israel's conflict are difficult to predict at this time, the financial
impact of the conflict in the fiscal third quarter and fiscal nine months of 2023, including accounts receivable or
inventory reserves, was not material. As of the fiscal nine months ending October 1, 2023, the business of the
Company’s Israel subsidiaries represented 1% of the Company’s consolidated assets and represented less than 1% of
revenues.

The Company operates in certain countries where the economic conditions continue to present significant challenges.
The Company continues to monitor these situations and take appropriate actions. Inflation rates and currency
exchange rates continue to have an effect on worldwide economies and, consequently, on the way the Company
operates. The Company has accounted for operations in Venezuela, Argentina and Turkey (beginning in the fiscal
second quarter of 2022) as highly inflationary, as the prior three-year cumulative inflation rate surpassed 100%.
In the face of increasing costs, the Company strives to maintain its profit margins through cost reduction
programs, productivity improvements and periodic price increases.

Governments around the world consider various proposals to make changes to tax laws, which may include increasing
or decreasing existing statutory tax rates. In connection with various government initiatives, companies are
required to disclose more information to tax authorities on operations around the world, which may lead to greater
audit scrutiny of profits earned in other countries. A change in statutory tax rate in any country would result in
the revaluation of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities related to that particular jurisdiction in the
period in which the new tax law is enacted. This change would result in an expense or benefit recorded to the
Company’s Consolidated Statement of Earnings. The Company closely monitors these proposals as they arise in the
countries where it operates. Changes to the statutory tax rate may occur at any time, and any related expense or
benefit recorded may be material to the fiscal quarter and year in which the law change is enacted.

The Company faces various worldwide health care changes that may continue to result in pricing pressures that
include health care cost containment and government legislation relating to sales, promotions and reimbursement of
health care products.

Changes in the behavior and spending patterns of purchasers of healthcare products and services, including delaying
medical procedures, rationing prescription medications, reducing the frequency of physician visits and foregoing
healthcare insurance coverage, as a result of the current global economic downturn, may continue to impact the
Company’s businesses.

The Company faces regular intellectual property challenges from third parties, including generic and biosimilar
manufacturers, seeking to manufacture and market generic and biosimilar versions of key pharmaceutical products
prior to the expiration of the applicable patents. These challengers file Abbreviated New Drug Applications or
abbreviated Biologics License Applications with the FDA or otherwise challenged the coverage and/or validity of the
Company’s patents. In the event the Company is not successful in defending the patent claims challenged in the
resulting lawsuits, generic or biosimilar versions of the products at issue may be introduced to the market,
resulting in the potential for substantial market share and revenue losses for those products, and which may result
in a non-cash impairment charge in any associated intangible asset. There is also risk that one or more competitors
could launch a generic or biosimilar version of the product at issue following regulatory approval even though one
or more valid patents are in place.

Item 3 — QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

There has been no material change in the Company’s assessment of its sensitivity to market risk since its
presentation set forth in Item 7A, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk,” in its Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 1, 2023.

Item 4 — CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Disclosure controls and procedures. At the end of the period covered by this report, the Company evaluated the
effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures. The Company’s disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the
reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without
limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that
                                                        58                                                         
Table of Contents

information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities
Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management, including its principal executive and
principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. Joaquin Duato, Chief Executive Officer; Chairman, Executive Committee and Joseph J.
Wolk, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, reviewed and participated in this evaluation. Based on
this evaluation, Messrs. Duato and Wolk concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the
Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective.

Internal control. During the period covered by this report, there were no changes in the Company’s internal control
over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting. The Company continues to monitor and assess the effectiveness
of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures.

Part II — OTHER INFORMATION

Item 1 — LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to Note 11 included in Part I, Item 1,
Financial Statements (unaudited) — Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Item 2 — UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS

(c) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers.

On September 14, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program,
authorizing the Company to purchase up to $5.0 billion of the Company's Common Stock. The repurchase program was
completed during the fiscal first quarter of 2023.

The following table provides information with respect to Common Stock purchases by the Company during the fiscal
third quarter of 2023. Common stock purchases on the open market are made as part of a systematic plan to meet the
needs of the Company's compensation programs. The repurchases below also include the stock-for-stock option
exercises that settled in the fiscal third quarter.
                                                                                                                   
                                                                  Total Number of Shares    Maximum Number of      
  Fiscal Month Period               Total Number                  Purchased as Part of      Shares that May Yet    
  July 3, 2023 through                 of Shares    Avg. Price    Publicly Announced        Be Purchased Under     
  July 30, 2023                     Purchased(1)     Per Share    Plans or Programs         the Plans or Programs  
  July 31, 2023 through                        —             —    —                         —                      
  August 27, 2023                              —             —    —                         —                      
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  August 28, 2023                                                                                                  
  through October 1,                   5,690,272        161.68    —                         —                      
  2023                                                                                                             
  Total                                5,690,272        161.68    —                         —                      
                                                                                                                   
(1) During the fiscal third quarter of 2023, the Company repurchased an aggregate of 5,690,272 shares of Johnson &
Johnson Common Stock in open-market transactions, all of which were purchased pursuant as part of a systematic plan
to meet the needs of the Company’s compensation programs.

Item 5 — OTHER INFORMATION

Securities Trading Plansof Directors and Executive Officers

On August 31, 2023, Peter Fasolo, Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer, adopteda Rule 10b5-1
trading arrangement that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) for the sale
of up to 25,000shares of the Company’s Common Stock, subject to certain conditions. The arrangement's expiration
date is November 29, 2024.
                                                        59                                                         
Table of Contents

Item 6 — EXHIBITS

Exhibit 10.1 Amendment One to the Johnson & Johnson Excess Savings Plan (amended and restated effective as of
January 1, 2022) — Filed with this document.*

Exhibit 10.2 Johnson & Johnson Executive Incentive Plan (Amended as of September 7, 2023) — Filed with this
document.*

Exhibit 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer under Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 — Filed with this document.

Exhibit 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer under Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 — Filed with this document.

Exhibit 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 —
Furnished with this document.

Exhibit 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 —
Furnished with this document.

Exhibit 101:
                                                                                                                   
  EX-101.INS      Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because   
                  its                XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document                        
  EX-101.SCH      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema                                                            
  EX-101.CAL      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase                                              
  EX-101.LAB      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase                                                    
  EX-101.PRE      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase                                             
  EX-101.DEF      Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document                                               
  Exhibit 104:    Cover Page Interactive Data File––the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the    
                  Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.        
                                                                                                                   
* Management contract or compensatory plan.
                                                        60                                                         
Table of Contents
                                                    SIGNATURES                                                     
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
                                                                                                             
                            JOHNSON & JOHNSON                                                                
                            (Registrant)                                                                     
  Date: October 27, 2023    By /s/ J. J. WOLK                                                                
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                            J. J. WOLK                                                                       
                            Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)  
  Date: October 27, 2023    By /s/ R. J. DECKER Jr.                                                          
                            R. J. DECKER Jr.                                                                 
                            Controller (Principal Accounting Officer)                                        
                                                                                                             
                                                        61                                                         
