                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                             _________________________                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                             _________________________                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                      Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934                       
                                                                                                                   
                          Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): June 17, 2021                          
                                                                                                                   
                                             _________________________                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                          Zoom Video Communications, Inc.                                          
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)                               
                                                                                                                   
                                             _________________________                                             
                                                                                 
  Delaware                        001-38865                  61-1648780          
  (State or Other Jurisdiction    -Commission File Number    -IRS Employer       
  of Incorporation)                                          Identification No.  
                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                          55 Almaden Boulevard, 6th Floor                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                            San Jose, California 95113                                             
                                                                                                                   
                               (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code)                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                  (888) 799-9666                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                               (Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                  Not Applicable                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                           (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)                           
                                                                                                                   
                                             _________________________                                             
                                                                                                                   
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions A.2. below):
                                                                                                               
  ☐    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)                   
  ☐    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)                  
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                               
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                                                                            
  Title of each class                       Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Class A Common Stock, $0.001 par value    ZM                   The Nasdaq Global Select Market            
  per share                                                                                                 
                                                                                                            
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2
of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

On June 17, 2021, Zoom Video Communications, Inc. (the “Company”) held its 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the
"Annual Meeting"). At the Annual Meeting, the Company’s stockholders (1) elected each of the Company’s nominees for
Class II director, (2) ratified the appointment of KPMG LLP as the Company’s independent registered public
accounting firm for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2022, (3) approved, on an advisory basis, the compensation
of the Company's named executive officers, and (4) approved, on an advisory basis, every one year as the preferred
frequency for the solicitation of advisory stockholder approval of the compensation paid to the Company's executive
officers. The final results with respect to each proposal are set forth below.
                                                                                                                   
  Proposal One – Election of Directors                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
The stockholders elected each of the three persons named below as Class II directors to serve until the 2024 annual
meeting of stockholders or until their successors are duly elected and qualified. The results of such vote were:
                                                                     
                               FOR      WITHHELD    BROKER NON-VOTE  
  Jonathan Chadwick    659,058,922    23,754,458         58,857,400  
  Kimberly Hammonds    656,619,550    26,194,099         58,857,400  
  Dan Scheinman        656,754,262    26,059,387         58,857,400  
                                                                     
Proposal Two – Ratification of Selection of Independent Public Registered Accounting Firm

The stockholders ratified the appointment of KPMG LLP as the Company's independent registered public accounting
firm for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2022. The results of such vote were:
                                     
  FOR            AGAINST    ABSTAIN  
  741,051,386    486,444    133,219  
                                     
Proposal Three – Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation

The stockholders advised that they were in favor of the compensation of the Company's named executive officers. The
results of such vote were:
                                                           
  FOR               AGAINST    ABSTAIN    BROKER NON-VOTE  
  644,601,293    38,077,168    135,188         58,857,400  
                                                           
Proposal Four – Advisory Vote on the Frequency of Solicitation of Advisory Stockholder Approval of Executive
Compensation

The stockholders approved, on an advisory basis, every one year as the preferred frequency for the solicitation of
advisory stockholder approval of the compensation paid to the Company's executive officers. The results of such
vote were:
                                                                      
  1 YEAR         2 YEARS       3 YEARS    ABSTAIN    BROKER NON-VOTE  
  669,973,698     68,318    12,651,827    119,806         58,857,400  
                                                                      
Based on these results and consistent with the Company’s recommendation, the Company’s board of directors has
determined that the Company will conduct future stockholder advisory votes on the compensation program for its
named executive officers every one year.
                                                                                                                   
                                                    SIGNATURES                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                                                      
                          Zoom Video Communications, Inc.                             
  Dated: June 23, 2021    By:                                /s/ Aparna Bawa          
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                             Aparna Bawa              
                                                             Chief Operating Officer  
                                                                                      
