UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): August 23,    
2024 Zoom Video Communications, Inc. (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)                        
                                                                     
  Delaware                        001-38865      61-1648780          
  (State or Other Jurisdiction    -Commission    -IRS Employer       
  of Incorporation)               File Number    Identification No.  
                                                                     
55 Almaden Boulevard, 6th Floor San Jose, California 95113 (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code)   
(888) 799-9666 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) Not Applicable (Former Name or Former Address, 
if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously 
satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions    
A.2. below):                                                                                                       
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                          
  Title of each class                       Trading      Name of each exchange            
                                            Symbol(s)    on which registered              
  Class A Common Stock, $0.001 par value    ZM           The Nasdaq Global Select Market  
  per share                                                                               
                                                                                          
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 
of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                                                                                                                   
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;      
Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
On and effective as of August 23, 2024, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Zoom Video Communications, Inc.    
(the “Company”) increased the authorized size of the Board from nine to 10 directors and appointed Mike Fenger to  
the Board. Mr. Fenger was appointed as a Class III director for a term expiring at the Company’s 2025 annual       
meeting of stockholders. Mr. Fenger was also appointed to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the 
Board.                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
Mr. Fenger has served as the Vice President, Worldwide Sales at Apple Inc. (“Apple”), a technology company, since  
2019, and previously as its Vice President, Global iPhone Sales. Before joining Apple, he held senior positions at 
General Electric Company, a high-tech industrial conglomerate, and Motorola, Inc., a telecommunications company,   
where he helped develop and execute strategy for sales, operations, marketing, and supply chain management in the  
Americas, Europe, and Greater China. Mr. Fenger holds a BA in economics from Miami University.                     
                                                                                                                   
Mr. Fenger’s son, Robert Fenger, has been employed by the Company since 2020, most recently as an Executive        
Briefing Manager. Mr. Fenger’s son is not one of the Company’s executive officers. The total compensation of Mr.   
Fenger’s son for fiscal year 2024, including equity, was approximately $188,000. The total compensation of Mr.     
Fenger’s son for fiscal year 2025, including equity, is expected to be approximately $181,000. The compensation of 
Mr. Fenger’s son was determined in accordance with the Company’s compensation practices applicable to employees    
with comparable qualifications and responsibilities and holding similar positions. Mr. Fenger’s son has received   
and continues to receive benefits available to all the Company’s employees, including participation in various     
employee health and welfare benefit plans. Mr. Fenger’s son is eligible for equity awards on the same general terms
and conditions as applicable to employees in similar positions who do not have such family relationships.          
                                                                                                                   
Mr. Fenger has entered into the Company’s standard form of indemnification agreement between the Company and its   
directors and executive officers.                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
Mr. Fenger will be compensated as a member of the Board under the terms of the Company’s Non-Employee Director     
Compensation Policy.                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   
SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                                                        
                                   Zoom Video Communications,                           
  Date: August 26, 2024    By:     Inc.                        /s/ Aparna Bawa          
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                           Name:                               Aparna Bawa              
                           Title:                              Chief Operating Officer  
                                                                                        
