                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                             _________________________                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                             _________________________                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                      Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934                       
                                                                                                                   
                         Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): August 21, 2024                         
                                                                                                                   
                                             _________________________                                             
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                          Zoom Video Communications, Inc.                                          
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)                               
                                                                                                                   
                                             _________________________                                             
                                                                                 
  Delaware                        001-38865                  61-1648780          
  (State or Other Jurisdiction    -Commission File Number    -IRS Employer       
  of Incorporation)                                          Identification No.  
                                                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                          55 Almaden Boulevard, 6th Floor                                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                            San Jose, California 95113                                             
                                                                                                                   
                               (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code)                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                  (888) 799-9666                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                               (Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                  Not Applicable                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                           (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)                           
                                                                                                                   
                                             _________________________                                             
                                                                                                                   
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions A.2. below):
                                                                                                               
  ☐    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)                   
  ☐    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)                  
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                               
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                                                                            
  Title of each class                       Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Class A Common Stock, $0.001 par value    ZM                   The Nasdaq Global Select Market            
  per share                                                                                                 
                                                                                                            
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2
of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
                                                                                                                   
   Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.                                                        
                                                                                                                   
On August 21, 2024, Zoom Video Communications, Inc. (the “Company”) issued a press release announcing its financial
results for the three months ended July 31, 2024. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this
report and is incorporated by reference.

The information contained in this report, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, is furnished and shall not be
deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or subject to the
liabilities of that section. The information shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any other filing
with the Securities and Exchange Commission made by the Company regardless of any general incorporation language in
such filing, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;
Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
On August 16, 2024, Kelly Steckelberg notified the Company that she intends to resign from her role as the
Company’s Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Steckelberg’s decision was not the result of any disagreement with the
Company. The Company has commenced a search process to identify Ms. Steckelberg’s successor.

On August 21, 2024, the Company entered into a Transition and Separation Agreement with Ms. Steckelberg (the
“Transition Agreement”), in connection with her departure from the Company. Pursuant to the Transition Agreement,
Ms. Steckelberg will continue to serve as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer through the release of the
Company’s earnings for the fiscal quarter ending October 31, 2024 (the “Transition Period”). Commencing October 10,
2024, she will be serving in this role on a part-time basis (the “Part-Time Period”). During the Transition Period
and the Part-Time Period, Ms. Steckelberg will be entitled to receive her base salary at the same full-time rate as
it was prior to the Transition Period and will continue to be eligible for the Company’s standard benefits. During
the Transition Period, Ms. Steckelberg’s outstanding equity awards of the Company will continue to vest pursuant to
their terms.

The foregoing description of the terms of the Transition Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety
by the full text of the Transition Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and
is incorporated herein by reference.
                                                                                                                   
   Item 9.01 Financial Statements And Exhibits.                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
(d) Exhibits
                                                                                                                   
                 Description                                                                                       
  Exhibit No.    Transition and Separation Agreement between Zoom Video Communications, Inc. and Kelly             
  10.1           Steckelberg, dated August 21, 2024                                                                
  99.1           Press release datedAugust 21, 2024 of Zoom Video Communications, Inc.                             
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  104            Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                    SIGNATURES                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                                                        
                            Zoom Video Communications, Inc.                             
  Dated: August 21, 2024    By:                                /s/ Aparna Bawa          
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                               Aparna Bawa              
                                                               Chief Operating Officer  
                                                                                        
