UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION  
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): June 14, 2021 
NVIDIA CORPORATION (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                                          
                                                                                                  
  Delaware                           0-23985                    94-3177549                        
  (State or other jurisdiction of    -Commission File Number    -IRS Employer Identification No.  
  incorporation)                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, CA 95051 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant’s  
telephone number, including area code: (408) 486-2000 Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed    
since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-Kfiling is intended to simultaneously satisfy the 
filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:                                         
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                                              
  Title of each class                         Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share    NVDA                 The Nasdaq Global Select Market            
                                                                                                              
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2of
this chapter). Emerging Growth Company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant   
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                                                           
  Item 1.01.  Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.  
                                                           
Underwriting Agreement On June 14, 2021, NVIDIA Corporation, or the Company, entered into an underwriting          
agreement, or the Underwriting Agreement, with Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, as representative of the several          
underwriters named in Schedule I thereto, or the Underwriters, to issue and sell $5.0 billion aggregate principal  
amount of unsecured notes, consisting of $1.25 billion principal amount of 0.309% notes due 2023, or the 2023      
Notes, $1.25 billion principal amount of 0.584% notes due 2024, or the 2024 Notes, $1.25 billion principal amount  
of 1.550% notes due 2028, or the 2028 Notes, and $1.25 billion principal amount of 2.000% notes due 2031, or the   
2031 Notes. The 2023 Notes, 2024 Notes, 2028 Notes and 2031 Notes are collectively referred to as the Notes. The   
Underwriting Agreement includes customary representations, warranties, conditions and covenants, including an      
agreement to indemnify the Underwriters against certain liabilities. The net proceeds from the offering of the     
Notes were approximately $4.98 billion, after deducting underwriting discounts and estimated offering expenses. The
Company intends to use the net proceeds of the offering for general corporate purposes, which may include, among   
other things, repayment of indebtedness. The offering of the Notes was made pursuant to the Company’s Registration 
Statement on Form S-3(File No. 333-237390)and a related prospectus, including a prospectus supplement, filed with  
the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. The above description of the Underwriting Agreement does not   
purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Underwriting Agreement, attached as    
Exhibit 1.1 hereto, and incorporated herein by reference. Indenture The terms of the Notes are governed by an      
indenture, dated as of September 16, 2016, or the Base Indenture, between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank,        
National Association, or the Trustee, as supplemented by an Officers’ Certificate, dated as of June 16, 2021. The  
Base Indenture, as supplemented by the Officers’ Certificate, is referred to as the Indenture. The 2023 Notes will 
mature on June 15, 2023, the 2024 Notes will mature on June 14, 2024, the 2028 Notes will mature on June 15, 2028  
and the 2031 Notes will mature on June 15, 2031. Interest on the 2024 Notes is payable on June 14 and December 14  
of each year, beginning on December 14, 2021. Interest on all other series of Notes is payable on June 15 and      
December 15 of each year, beginning on December 15, 2021. The Company may redeem the Notes for cash in whole, at   
any time, or in part, from time to time, prior to maturity, upon at least 10 but no more than 60 days prior notice 
(other than in certain circumstances), at redemption prices that include accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to,  
but excluding, the redemption date, and a make-whole premium. However, no make-whole premium will be paid for      
redemptions of (i) the 2023 Notes on or after June 15, 2022, (ii) the 2024 Notes on or after June 14, 2023, (iii)  
the 2028 Notes on or after April 15, 2028, or (iv) the 2031 Notes on or after March 15, 2031. The Indenture        
includes covenants limiting the Company’s ability to create liens on its properties, enter into sale and leaseback 
transactions with respect to its properties or consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of its assets,  
subject to a number of important exceptions as specified in the Indenture. The Indenture also contains customary   
event of default provisions. In the event of the occurrence of both (1) a change of control of the Company and (2) 
a downgrade of a series of Notes below an investment grade rating by each of Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and   
S&P Global Ratings within a specified period relating to the applicable change of control, the Company will be     
required to offer to repurchase any outstanding Notes of that series at a price in cash equal to 101% of the then  
outstanding principal amount of such series of Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes to be 
repurchased to, but excluding, the date of repurchase. The Notes are the Company’s unsecured senior obligations and
rank equally with all of the Company’s existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness from time to  
time outstanding. The Notes will be structurally subordinated to the liabilities of the Company’s subsidiaries and 
will be effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such
indebtedness. All existing and future liabilities of the Company’s subsidiaries will be effectively senior to the  
Notes.                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                   
The above description of the Indenture and the Notes does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its       
entirety by reference to the Indenture and the forms of Notes, attached as Exhibits 4.1 through 4.6 hereto, and    
incorporated herein by reference. The agreements included as exhibits to this Current Report on Form 8-Kare        
included to provide information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or         
disclosure information about the Company or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements may contain        
representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. These representations and       
warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and:             
                                                                                                                   
  •    should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of            
       allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate;                       
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
       may have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the             
  •    negotiation of the applicable agreement, which disclosures would not necessarily be reflected in the        
       agreement;                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •    may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to other  
       investors; and                                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
  •    were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified   
       in the agreement and are subject to more recent developments.                                               
                                                                                                                   
Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they 
were made or at any other time. Additional information about the Company may be found elsewhere in this Current    
Report on Form 8-Kand the Company’s other public filings, which are available without charge through the SEC’s     
website at http://www.sec.gov.                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
  Item 2.03.  Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement    
              of a Registrant.                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
The information set forth in Item 1.01 above is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03, insofar as it
relates to the creation of a direct financial obligation.                                                          
                                                  
  Item 9.01.  Financial Statements and Exhibits.  
                                                  
(d) Exhibits                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
                    Description                                                                                    
                    Underwriting Agreement, dated as of June 14, 2021, by and among the Company and Morgan         
                    Stanley & Co. LLC , as representative of the several underwriters.                             
                    Indenture, dated as of September 16, 2016, by and between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank,    
  Exhibit Number    National Association, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to NVIDIA Corporation’s Current Report  
  1.1               on Form 8-K filed on September 16, 2016 (File No. 000-23985), and incorporated by reference    
  4.1               herein).                                                                                       
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  4.2               Officers’ Certificate, dated as of June 16, 2021.                                              
  4.3               Form of 2023 Note (included in Exhibit 4.2).                                                   
  4.4               Form of 2024 Note (included in Exhibit 4.2).                                                   
  4.5               Form of 2028 Note (included in Exhibit 4.2).                                                   
  4.6               Form of 2031 Note (included in Exhibit 4.2).                                                   
  5.1               Opinion of Cooley LLP regarding the validity of the Notes.                                     
  23.1              Consent of Cooley LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1).                                               
  104               Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).                   
                                                                                                                   
SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                                                                        
  Date: June 16, 2021    By:  NVIDIA Corporation  /s/ Colette M. Kress                                  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                  Colette M. Kress                                      
                                                  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  
                                                                                                        
