                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                               WASHINGTON, DC 20549                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                  ______________                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934                                        
                                                                                                                   
                          Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): June 28, 2021                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                NVIDIA CORPORATION                                                 
                                                 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its  
  charter)                                       
                                                 
                                                                       
  Delaware                        0-23985         94-3177549           
  (State or other jurisdiction    (Commission     (IRS Employer        
  of incorporation)               File Number)    Identification No.)  
                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                 2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, CA 95051                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)                                
                                                                                                                   
                        Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 408) 486-2000                        
                                                                                                                   
                                                  Not Applicable                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                           (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)                           
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

☐Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

☐Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

☐Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

☐Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
                            Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                            
                                                                                                              
  Title of each class                         Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share    NVDA                 The Nasdaq Global Select Market            
                                                                                                              
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2
of this chapter).

Emerging Growth Company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
                                                                                                                   
  Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
On June 28, 2021, NVIDIA Corporation, or the Company, completed a simplification of its corporate structure by
repatriating the economic rights of certain non-U.S. intellectual property to the United States via domestication
of a foreign subsidiary, or the Domestication. In connection with the Domestication, the Company is updating its
tax rate outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2022 as follows:

• GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates are both expected to be 13 percent, plus or minus 1 percent, excluding any discrete
items, up from 10 percent, plus or minus 1 percent, provided in our prior outlook. GAAP discrete items include one-
time tax impacts from the Domestication and excess tax benefits or deficiencies related to stock-based
compensation, which are expected to generate variability on a quarter-by-quarter basis. The discrete tax impact
from the Domestication in the second quarter of fiscal 2022 is expected to be a benefit of approximately $250
million to $300 million.

The information in this Item 7.01 is furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or subject to the liabilities of that Section or Sections 11 and
12(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The information in this Current Report shall not be
incorporated by reference in any filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission made by the Company,
whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.
                                                                                                                   
  Item 8.01 Other Events.                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
As described above, on June 28, 2021, the Company completed the Domestication, which more closely aligns the
Company’s corporate structure to its operating structure in accordance with the Organization for Economic
Cooperation and Development’s Base Erosion and Profit Sharing conclusions and changes to U.S. and European tax
laws.
                                                                                                                   
                                                     SIGNATURE                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                                               
                         NVIDIA Corporation                                    
  Date: June 28, 2021    By: /s/ Colette M. Kress                              
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                         Colette M. Kress                                      
                         Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  
                                                                               
