                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                               WASHINGTON, DC 20549                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                  ______________                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934                                        
                                                                                                                   
                        Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): October 23, 2023                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                NVIDIA CORPORATION                                                 
                                                                                                                   
                                                 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its  
  charter)                                       
                                                 
                                                                       
  Delaware                        0-23985         94-3177549           
  (State or other jurisdiction    (Commission     (IRS Employer        
  of incorporation)               File Number)    Identification No.)  
                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                 2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, CA 95051                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)                                
                                                                                                                   
                        Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 408) 486-2000                        
                                                                                                                   
                                                  Not Applicable                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                           (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)                           
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

☐Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

☐Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

☐Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

☐Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
                            Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                            
                                                                                                              
  Title of each class                         Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share    NVDA                 The Nasdaq Global Select Market            
                                                                                                              
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2
of this chapter).

Emerging Growth Company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
                                                                                                                   
  Item 8.01 Other Events                                                                                           
                                                                                                                   
On October 23, 2023, the United States Government informed NVIDIA Corporation, or the Company, that the licensing
requirements of the interim final rule entitled “Implementation of Additional Export Controls: Certain Advanced
Computing Items; Supercomputer and Semiconductor End Use; Updates and Corrections”, dated October 18, 2023,
applicable to products having a “total processing performance” of 4800 or more and designed or marketed for
datacenters, is effective immediately, impacting shipments of the Company’s A100, A800, H100, H800, and L40S
products. These licensing requirements were originally to be effective after a 30-day period, as first described in
the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on October 17,
2023. Given the strength of demand for the Company’s products worldwide, the Company does not anticipate that the
accelerated timing of the licensing requirements will have a near-term meaningful impact on its financial results.

Certain statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K including statements regarding the near-term impact of the
accelerated timing of licensing requirements on the Company’s financial results are forward-looking statements that
are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to be materially different than expectations.
Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: global economic conditions; our
reliance on third parties to manufacture, assemble, package and test our products; the impact of technological
development and competition; development of new products and technologies or enhancements to our existing product
and technologies; market acceptance of our products or our partners’ products; design, manufacturing or software
defects; changes in consumer preferences or demands; changes in industry standards and interfaces; unexpected loss
of performance of our products or technologies when integrated into systems; as well as other factors detailed from
time to time in the most recent reports NVIDIA files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC,
including, but not limited to, its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Copies of reports
filed with the SEC are posted on the company’s website and are available from NVIDIA without charge. These forward-
looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and speak only as of the date hereof, and, except as
required by law, NVIDIA disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future
events or circumstances.
                                                                                                                   
                                                     SIGNATURE                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                                                  
                            NVIDIA Corporation                                    
  Date: October 24, 2023    By:/s/ Colette M. Kress                               
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                            Colette M. Kress                                      
                            Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  
                                                                                  
