                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                               WASHINGTON, DC 20549                                                
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                  ______________                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934                                        
                                                                                                                   
                          Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 2, 2023                          
                                                                                                                   
                                                NVIDIA CORPORATION                                                 
                                                 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its  
  charter)                                       
                                                 
                                                                       
  Delaware                        0-23985         94-3177549           
  (State or other jurisdiction    (Commission     (IRS Employer        
  of incorporation)               File Number)    Identification No.)  
                                                                       
                                                                                                                   
                                 2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, CA 95051                                  
                                                                                                                   
                                (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)                                
                                                                                                                   
                        Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 408) 486-2000                        
                                                                                                                   
                                                  Not Applicable                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                           (Former name or former address, if changed since last report)                           
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

☐Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

☐Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

☐Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

☐Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
                            Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                            
                                                                                                              
  Title of each class                         Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share    NVDA                 The Nasdaq Global Select Market            
                                                                                                              
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2
of this chapter).

Emerging Growth Company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;
Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

Adoption of Fiscal Year 2024 Variable Compensation Plan

On March 2, 2023, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, or the Board, of NVIDIA Corporation, or the
Company, adopted the Variable Compensation Plan for Fiscal Year 2024, or the 2024 Plan, which provides eligible
executive officers the opportunity to earn a variable cash payment based on the level of achievement by the Company
of certain corporate performance goals, or the Performance Goals, during fiscal year 2024. The Company operates on
a fiscal year ending on the last Sunday in January and designates its fiscal year by the year in which that fiscal
year ends. Fiscal year 2024 refers to the Company’s fiscal year ending January 28, 2024.

The Compensation Committee has set the Performance Goals for fiscal year 2024 based upon the achievement of
specified fiscal year 2024 revenue and has established threshold, base compensation plan, and stretch compensation
plan levels. An eligible participant’s variable cash compensation under the 2024 Plan will be based on the
achievement by the Company of the Performance Goals in fiscal year 2024.

Unless otherwise determined by the Compensation Committee, a participant must remain an employee through the
payment date under the 2024 Plan to be eligible to earn an award.

The following table sets forth the respective target award opportunities for base compensation plan achievement for
the Company’s named executive officers under the 2024 Plan:
                                                                                                                   
                                                Target Award Opportunity for Base    Target Award Opportunity for  
  Named Executive Officer                                       Compensation Plan    Base Compensation Plan        
                                                                      Achievement    Achievement as a % of         
                                                                                     Fiscal Year 2024 Base Salary  
  Jen-Hsun Huang                                                       $2,000,000    200%                          
  President and Chief Executive Officer                                                                            
  Colette M. Kress                                                                                                 
  Executive Vice President and Chief                                     $300,000    33%                           
  Financial Officer                                                                                                
  Ajay K. Puri                                                                                                     
  Executive Vice President, Worldwide                                    $650,000    68%                           
  Field Operations                                                                                                 
  Debora Shoquist                                                        $250,000    29%                           
  Executive Vice President, Operations                                                                             
  Timothy S. Teter                                                                                                 
  Executive Vice President, General                                      $250,000    29%                           
  Counsel and Secretary                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
The foregoing description is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the 2024 Plan, which is filed with this
report as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.
(a) Amendment to Bylaws

On March 2, 2023, the Board of the Company amended and restated the Company’s Bylaws, or the Restated Bylaws, which
became effective immediately upon adoption by the Board.

Among other things, the Restated Bylaws update procedural mechanics and disclosure requirements in connection with
stockholder nominations of directors and submissions of stockholder proposals regarding other business at
stockholder meetings (other than nominations pursuant to the Company’s proxy access bylaws and proposals to be
included in the Company’s proxy materials pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, or the Exchange Act), including by requiring:

• additional background information and disclosures regarding proposing stockholders, proposed nominees and
business, and other persons related to a stockholder’s solicitation of proxies;

• any stockholder submitting a nomination notice to make a representation as to whether such stockholder intends to
solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than the Company’s nominees in accordance with Rule 14a-19
under the Exchange Act and to timely provide reasonable evidence that certain requirements of such rule have been
satisfied;

• that disclosures included in a stockholder’s notice of nominations or proposals regarding other business be
updated, if necessary, to be accurate both as of the stockholder meeting record date and as of five business days
prior to the stockholder meeting;

• that if any stockholder provides a nomination notice and subsequently either (i) notifies the Company that such
stockholder no longer intends to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than the Company’s nominees
or (ii) fails either to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 or fails to timely provide reasonable evidence
to the Company that such stockholder has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19, then such stockholder’s nominees will
be disregarded and no vote on such nominees proposed by such stockholder will occur, notwithstanding any proxies or
votes the Company has received in respect of such nominees; and

• a stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders to use a proxy card color other
than white, which shall be reserved for the exclusive use by the Board.

The foregoing summary of the amendments effected by the Restated Bylaws does not purport to be complete and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Restated Bylaws, a copy of which is filed as
Exhibit 3.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.
                                                                                                                   
  Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
(d) Exhibits
                                                                                                                   
  Exhibit Number    Description                                                                                    
  3.1               Bylaws of NVIDIA Corporation, Amended and Restated as ofMarch 2, 2023                          
  10.1              Variable Compensation Plan - Fiscal Year 2024                                                  
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  104               The cover page of this Current Report on Form 8-K, formatted in inline XBRL (included as       
                    Exhibit 101)                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     SIGNATURE                                                     
                                                                                                                   
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                                                                                         
                         NVIDIA Corporation                                              
  Date: March 8, 2023    By:/s/ Rebecca Peters                                           
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                         Rebecca Peters                                                  
                         Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Secretary  
                                                                                         
