UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): November 17,  
2022 ROKU, INC. (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)                                             
                                                                                                  
  Delaware                           001-38211                  26-2087865                        
  (State or Other Jurisdiction of    -Commission File Number    -IRS Employer Identification No.  
  Incorporation)                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
                                                         
  1155 Coleman Ave San Jose, California           95110  
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)    -Zip Code  
                                                         
(408) 556-9040 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) Not Applicable (Former Name or Former Address, 
if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-Kfiling is intended to simultaneously  
satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions    
A.2. below):                                                                                                       
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                                  
  Title of Each Class:                       Trading       Name of Exchange on Which Registered:  
                                             Symbol(s):                                           
  Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value    “ROKU”        The Nasdaq Global Select Market        
                                                                                                  
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2of
this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant   
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                                                                 
  Item 2.05  Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities.  
                                                                 
On November 17, 2022, Roku, Inc. (the “Company”) approved a plan to reduce the Company’s headcount expenses by a   
projected 5% to slow down the Company’s 2023 operating expense growth rate due to current economic conditions. This
will affect approximately 200 employee positions in the United States. The Company estimates that it will incur    
non-recurringcharges of approximately $28 to $31 million in connection with the headcount reductions, primarily    
consisting of severance payments, notice pay (where applicable), employee benefits contributions and related costs.
The Company expects that the majority of the restructuring charges will be incurred in the fourth quarter of fiscal
2022 and that the implementation of the headcount reductions, including cash payments, will be substantially       
complete by the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2023. Potential position eliminations are subject to legal      
requirements that vary by jurisdiction, which may extend this process beyond the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022 in  
certain cases. The charges that the Company expects to incur are subject to a number of assumptions, including     
legal requirements in various jurisdictions, and actual expenses may differ materially from the estimates disclosed
above. Forward-Looking Statements This Current Report on Form 8-Kcontains “forward-looking” statements that are    
based on the Company’s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to the Company on the date of
this Current Report on Form 8-K.Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts and
can be identified by terms such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “design,” “estimate,” “expect,”   
“may,” “seek,” “should,” “will,” “would” or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms. Forward-looking  
statements may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Company’s actual
results, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-    
looking statements. These statements include, but are not limited to, the number of employee positions that will be
affected; the estimate and timing of the charges that will be incurred; and the impact on the Company’s operating  
expense growth rate. Except as required by law, the Company assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking  
statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the 
forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. Further information on factors
that could cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from the results anticipated by the Company’s   
forward-looking statements is included in the reports the Company has filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange  
Commission, including the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Qfor the quarter ended September 30, 2022 and      
Annual Report on Form 10-Kfor the year ended December 31, 2021. All information provided in this Current Report on 
Form 8-Kis as of November 17, 2022, and the Company undertakes no duty to update this information unless required  
by law.                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                   
SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                              
  Dated: November 17, 2022           Roku, Inc.               
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                              By:    /s/ Steve Louden         
                                     Steve Louden             
                                     Chief Financial Officer  
                                                              
