UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): September 13, 
2022 ROKU, INC. (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)                                             
                                                                                                  
  Delaware                           001-38211                  26-2087865                        
  (State or Other Jurisdiction of    -Commission File Number    -IRS Employer Identification No.  
  Incorporation)                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
                                                         
  1155 Coleman Avenue San Jose, California        95110  
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)    -Zip Code  
                                                         
(408) 556-9040 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) Not Applicable (Former Name or Former Address, 
if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-Kfiling is intended to simultaneously  
satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions    
A.2. below):                                                                                                       
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                                             
  Title of each class                        Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Class A Common Stock, $0.0001 par value    “ROKU”               The Nasdaq Global Select Market            
                                                                                                             
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2of
this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant   
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                                                                                                                   
  Item 5.02  Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;   
             Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.                                                        
                                                                                                                   
Amended and Restated Severance Benefit Plan On September 13, 2022, the Compensation Committee of the Board of      
Directors of Roku, Inc. (the “ Company”) amended and restated the Company’s Amended and Restated Severance Benefit 
Plan (the “ Restated Plan”) to make certain administrative changes, definitional updates and clarifications,       
revisions to certain severance benefits in connection with a Non-Changein Control Termination and a Change in      
Control Termination, specific reference to the Company’s ability to recoup payments pursuant to the Company’s      
Policy for Recoupment of Incentive Compensation (to the extent applicable to a given participant), and other       
updates to conform to applicable laws, regulations and best practices. The Restated Plan provides for severance    
benefits to officers at the level of Vice President and above of the Company. Capitalized terms used but not       
otherwise defined in this Current Report on Form 8-Khave the meanings ascribed to them in the Restated Plan. The   
foregoing summary of the Restated Plan is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the        
Restated Plan, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-Kand incorporated      
herein by reference.                                                                                               
                                                 
  Item 9.01  Financial Statements and Exhibits.  
                                                 
(d) Exhibits.                                                                                                      
                                                                                                 
  Exhibit Number    Description                                                                  
  10.1              Roku, Inc. Amended and Restated Severance Benefit Plan                       
  104               Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)  
                                                                                                 
SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                                                                      
  Dated: September 14, 2022    By:  Roku, Inc.  /s/ Stephen H. Kay                                    
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                                Stephen H. Kay                                        
                                                Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary  
                                                                                                      
