UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (date of earliest event reported): February 3,   
2025 JPMorgan Chase & Co. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                                   
                                                                                                              
  Delaware                                    1-5805                                              13-2624428  
  (State or other jurisdiction of             -Commission File Number    -I.R.S. employer identification no.  
  incorporation or organization)                                                                              
  383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York                                                               10179  
  (Address of principal executive offices)                                                         -Zip Code  
                                                                                                              
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (212) 270-6000 Check the appropriate box below if the Form     
8-Kfiling is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following 
provisions:                                                                                                        
                                                                                            
  ☐  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                            
                                                                                             
  ☐  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                             
                                                                                                             
  ☐  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                             
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                                                        
                                                                                                                   
  Title of each class                              Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common stock                                     JPM                  The New York Stock Exchange                
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                           
  one-four hundredth interest in a share of        JPM PR D             The New York Stock Exchange                
  5.75% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series                                                                     
  DD                                                                                                               
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                           
  one-four hundredth interest in a share of        JPM PR C             The New York Stock Exchange                
  6.00% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series                                                                     
  EE                                                                                                               
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                           
  one-four hundredth interest in a share of        JPM PR J             The New York Stock Exchange                
  4.75% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series                                                                     
  GG                                                                                                               
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                           
  one-four hundredth interest in a share of        JPM PR K             The New York Stock Exchange                
  4.55% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series                                                                     
  JJ                                                                                                               
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                           
  one-four hundredth interest in a share of        JPM PR L             The New York Stock Exchange                
  4.625% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series                                                                    
  LL                                                                                                               
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                           
  one-four hundredth interest in a share of        JPM PR M             The New York Stock Exchange                
  4.20% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series                                                                     
  MM                                                                                                               
  Guarantee of Callable Fixed Rate Notes due                                                                       
  June 10, 2032 of JPMorgan                        JPM/32               The New York Stock Exchange                
  Chase Financial Company LLC                                                                                      
  Guarantee of Alerian MLP Index ETNs due                                                                          
  January 28, 2044 of JPMorgan                     AMJB                 NYSE Arca, Inc.                            
  Chase Financial Company LLC                                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the          
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2of
this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant   
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting   
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐                                                
                                                                                                                   
Item 3.03. Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders. On February 4, 2025, JPMorgan Chase & Co. (the     
“Company”) issued 300,000 shares (the “Shares”) of the Company’s 6.500% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-CumulativePreferred   
Stock, Series OO, par value of $1.00 per share and with a liquidation preference of $10,000 per share (the “Series 
OO Preferred Stock”), which Shares were deposited against delivery of depositary receipts (the “Depositary         
Receipts”) evidencing 3,000,000 depositary shares (the “Depositary Shares”), each representing a one-tenthinterest 
in a Share, issued by Computershare Inc., as depositary. Under the terms of the Series OO Preferred Stock, the     
ability of the Company to pay dividends on, make distributions with respect to, or to redeem, purchase or acquire, 
or make a liquidation payment on its common stock or any preferred stock ranking on a parity with or junior to the 
Series OO Preferred Stock, will be subject to restrictions in the event that the Company does not declare dividends
on the Series OO Preferred Stock for the most recently completed dividend period or, in the case of any such       
liquidation payment, does not pay to holders of the Series OO Preferred Stock liquidation distributions of $10,000 
per Share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends. The terms of the Series OO Preferred Stock are more fully       
described in the Certificate of Designations (as defined below), which establishes the rights, preferences,        
privileges, qualifications, restrictions and limitations relating to the Series OO Preferred Stock. Copies of the  
Certificate of Designations and the form of certificate representing the Series OO Preferred Stock are included as 
Exhibit 3.1 and Exhibit 4.1, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-Kand are incorporated by reference     
herein. The terms of the Depositary Shares are set forth in the Deposit Agreement, dated February 4, 2025, among   
the Company, Computershare Inc., as depositary, and the holders from time to time of the Depositary Receipts issued
thereunder (the “Deposit Agreement”) and the form of Depositary Receipt. Copies of the Deposit Agreement and the   
form of Depositary Receipt are included as Exhibit 4.2 and Exhibit 4.3, respectively, to this Current Report on    
Form 8-Kand are incorporated by reference herein. Item 5.03. Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws;    
Change in Fiscal Year. On February 3, 2025, the Company filed a Certificate of Designations, Powers, Preferences   
and Rights with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, establishing the rights, preferences, privileges, 
qualifications, restrictions and limitations relating to the Series OO Preferred Stock (the “Certificate of        
Designations”). The Certificate of Designations became effective with the Secretary of State of the State of       
Delaware upon filing. A copy of the Certificate of Designations is included as Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report  
on Form 8-Kand is incorporated by reference herein. Item 8.01. Other Events. On February 4, 2025, the Company      
completed the issuance and sale of 300,000 Shares, which Shares were deposited against delivery of Depositary      
Receipts evidencing 3,000,000 Depositary Shares, pursuant to an Underwriting Agreement, dated January 28, 2025,    
among the Company, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and the other several underwriters named therein. The sale of the    
Depositary Shares was made pursuant to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-3(File No. 333-263304),as    
amended. In connection with this offering, the legal opinion as to the legality of the Depositary Shares and the   
Series OO Preferred Stock is being filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. Item 9.01. Financial   
Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits                                                                              
                                                                                                                   
         Certificate of Designations, Powers, Preferences and Rights of JPMorgan Chase & Co., establishing the     
         rights, preferences, privileges, qualifications, restrictions and limitations                             
         relating to the 6.500% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series OO, filed February 3,      
  3.1    2025.                                                                                                     
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  4.1    Form of certificate representing the Series OO Preferred Stock.                                           
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
          Deposit Agreement, dated February 4, 2025, among JPMorgan Chase & Co., Computershare Inc., as            
          depositary, and the holders                                                                              
  4.2     from time to time of Depositary Receipts.                                                                
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  4.3     Form of Depositary Receipt (included as part of Exhibit 4.2).                                            
  5.1     Opinion of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP as to the legality of the 6.500% Fixed-Rate Reset              
          Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series OO and the Depositary Shares.                                     
  23.1    Consent of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP (included as part of Exhibit 5.1).                             
  101     Pursuant to Rule 406 of Regulation S-T, the cover page is formatted in Inline XBRL (Inline eXtensible    
          Business Reporting Language).                                                                            
  104     Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit       
          101).                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                   
SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.                                     
                                                     
          JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.                       
          -Registrant                                
  By:                           /s/ Jordan A. Costa  
  Name:                         Jordan A. Costa      
  Title:                        Managing Director    
                                                     
Dated: February 4, 2025                                                                                            
