                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              Washington, D.C. 20549                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                      Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934                       
                                                                                                                   
                        Date of Report (date of earliest event reported): January 21, 2025                         
                                                                                                                   
                                               JPMorgan Chase & Co.                                                
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                               
                                                                                                                   
  Delaware                                                          1-5805                             13-2624428  
  (State or other jurisdiction of                                   -Commission File Number      -I.R.S. employer  
  incorporation or organization)                                                               identification no.  
  383 Madison Avenue,                                                                                              
                                           New York,    New York                                            10179  
  (Address of principal executive                                                                       -Zip Code  
  offices)                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                        Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 212) 270-6000                        
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
                                                                                              
  ☐    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                              
                                                                                               
  ☐    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                               
                            Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                            
                                                                                                              
  Title of each class                         Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common stock                                JPM                  The New York Stock Exchange                
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR D             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 5.75% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series DD                                                                                                   
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR C             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 6.00% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series EE                                                                                                   
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR J             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 4.75% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series GG                                                                                                   
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR K             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 4.55% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series JJ                                                                                                   
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR L             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 4.625% Non-Cumulative Preferred                                                                          
  Stock, Series LL                                                                                            
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR M             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 4.20% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series MM                                                                                                   
  Guarantee of Callable Fixed Rate Notes                                                                      
  due June 10, 2032 of JPMorgan Chase         JPM/32               The New York Stock Exchange                
  Financial Company LLC                                                                                       
  Guarantee of Alerian MLP Index ETNs due                                                                     
  January 28, 2044 of JPMorgan Chase          AMJB                 NYSE Arca, Inc.                            
  Financial Company LLC                                                                                       
                                                                                                              
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2
of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Item 5.02(e) Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;
Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers

JPMorgan Chase & Co. (the “Firm”) announced that the independent members of the Board of Directors (the “Board”)
approved the annual compensation for 2024 for Mr. James Dimon, CEO, in the amount of $39,000,000, compared to last
year’s annual compensation of $36,000,000. The annual compensation for 2024 reflects Mr. Dimon’s stewardship of the
Firm, with growth across all of its market-leading lines of business, record financial results and a fortress
balance sheet, and continues to demonstrate strong pay-for-performance alignment.

Mr. Dimon’s total compensation includes an annual base salary of $1,500,000 and performance-based variable
incentive compensation of $37,500,000. $5,000,000 of the variable incentive compensation will be delivered in cash
and the remaining $32,500,000 will be delivered in the form of at-risk Performance Share Units ("PSUs"). PSUs tie
100% of Mr. Dimon’s annual equity-based compensation to ongoing performance metrics, representing 87% of his total
variable incentive compensation. This significant weighting of pay mix to equity is designed to align with
shareholders’ interests by encouraging continued focus on the long-term success of the Firm. The key features of
the PSU program are consistent with last year, including the financial metric (return on tangible common equity 1 -
"ROTCE") with absolute and relative performance goals, payout levels, vesting and hold requirements, as well as
clawback and recovery provisions 2 .

During the year, under Mr. Dimon's stewardship, the Firm continued to serve clients and customers against a dynamic
global macro backdrop characterized by ongoing geopolitical tensions and economic uncertainty. The Firm generated
strong current returns while investing in and executing on long-term strategic initiatives, consistent with its
fortress principles. In 2024, the Firm reported record revenue for the seventh consecutive year of $180.6 billion 1
and record net income of $58.5 billion, or $19.75 per share, with ROTCE of 22% representing sustained strong
relative outperformance compared to peers. The Firm increased its quarterly common dividend from $1.05 to $1.25 per
share.

The Firm ended 2024 with a common equity Tier 1 (“CET1”) ratio of 15.7%, CET1 capital 3 of $275.5 billion and $1.4
trillion of cash and marketable securities 4 , providing it with meaningful capacity to support clients and further
invest in its business and communities. During 2024, the Firm raised approximately $2.8 trillion of credit and
capital 5 for its consumer and institutional clients around the world, which include individuals, homeowners, small
businesses, larger corporations, schools, hospitals, cities and countries. The Firm continued its investments in
technology, people and products, as well as its steadfast commitment to corporate responsibility, including helping
to create a stronger, more inclusive economy and advance cities and neighborhoods, positioning the Firm for future
success.

The Board evaluated Mr. Dimon’s holistic performance across financial and non-financial performance dimensions, as
well as the competitive environment, in determining his compensation. As part of their evaluation and
determination, the Board considered Mr. Dimon’s continued development of top executives to lead for today and the
future, his continued commitment to shareholders and his longstanding exemplary leadership of a premier financial
services firm. Under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands, which include investment banking, financial services for
consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management, the Firm
serves millions of customers, predominantly in the United States, and many of the world’s most prominent corporate,
institutional and government clients globally.

Separately, Mr. Dimon and his family plan to sell approximately 1 million shares of their JPMorgan stock holdings
for financial diversification and tax-planning purposes. While there is no intention to execute further sales at
this time, they retain the option to do so in the future. After the contemplated sales, Mr. Dimon will continue to
have a significant stake in the company, with he and his family currently holding approximately 7.5 million shares.
He also continues to have unvested Performance

1 Revenue is on a managed basis. Managed revenue and ROTCE are non-GAAP financial measures. For further discussion,
see notes (a) and (b) on page 6 of Exhibit 99.1 to the Firm’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 15, 2025,
which has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, containing the Firm's earnings press release
for the quarter ended December 31, 2024.

2 Equity incentives are subject to the JPMorgan Chase Bonus Recoupment Policy which applies in the event of a
material restatement of the Firm's financial results as well as the Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Incentive-Based
Compensation Policy. In addition, all equity awards granted in 2025 contain recapture provisions that enable the
Firm to cancel outstanding awards and/or recover the value of certain stock distributed under the award in
specified circumstances. In addition to recapture provisions, portions of equity awards granted to the CEO are also
subject to additional Protection-based Vesting provisions under which awards may be cancelled as determined by the
Compensation & Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors and ratified by the Board of Directors.

3 Estimated. For further discussion, see note (3) on page 7 of Exhibit 99.1 to the Firm’s Current Report on Form
8-K dated January 15, 2025, which has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, containing the
Firm's earnings press release for the quarter ended December 31, 2024.

4 Estimated. For further discussion, see note (4) on page 7 of Exhibit 99.1 to the Firm’s Current Report on Form
8-K dated January 15, 2025, which has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, containing the
Firm's earnings press release for the quarter ended December 31, 2024.

5 For further discussion, see note (12) on page 7 of Exhibit 99.1 to the Firm’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated
January 15, 2025, which has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, containing the Firm's
earnings press release for the quarter ended December 31, 2024.
                                                         2                                                         
Share Units relating to 683,880 shares 6 and Stock Appreciation Rights relating to 1,500,000 shares, subject to the
terms and conditions of each grant. Mr. Dimon will use stock trading plans to sell his shares, in accordance with
guidelines specified under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934.

6 Reflects the target number of PSUs granted. Each PSU represents the right to receive one share of common stock on
the vesting date. The ultimate number of PSUs that will vest will be determined by the Firm’s performance over the
three-year performance period and will include any accumulated reinvested dividend equivalent shares.
                                                         3                                                         
                                                                                                                   
  Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits                                                                      
                                                                                                                   
(d) Exhibit
                                                                                                                   
  Exhibit No.    Description of Exhibit                                                                            
  101            Pursuant to Rule 406 of Regulation S-T, the cover page is formatted in Inline XBRL (Inline        
                 eXtensible Business Reporting Language).                                                          
  104            Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in        
                 Exhibit 101).                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                         4                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                     SIGNATURE                                                     
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                        
  JPMorgan Chase & Co.  
  (Registrant)          
                        
                                
  By:    /s/ John H. Tribolati  
         John H. Tribolati      
         Corporate Secretary    
                                
                              
  Dated:    January 23, 2025  
 ──────────────────────────── 
                              
                                                         5                                                         
