                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              Washington, D.C. 20549                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                      Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934                       
                                                                                                                   
                        Date of Report (date of earliest event reported): January 17, 2023                         
                                                                                                                   
                                               JPMorgan Chase & Co.                                                
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                               
                                                                                                                   
  Delaware                                                          1-5805                             13-2624428  
  (State or other jurisdiction of                                   -Commission File Number      -I.R.S. employer  
  incorporation or organization)                                                               identification no.  
  383 Madison Avenue,                                                                                              
                                           New York,    New York                                            10179  
  (Address of principal executive                                                                       -Zip Code  
  offices)                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                        Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 212) 270-6000                        
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
                                                                                              
  ☐    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                              
                                                                                               
  ☐    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                               
                            Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                            
                                                                                                              
  Title of each class                         Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common stock                                JPM                  The New York Stock Exchange                
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR D             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 5.75% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series DD                                                                                                   
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR C             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 6.00% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series EE                                                                                                   
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR J             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 4.75% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series GG                                                                                                   
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR K             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 4.55% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series JJ                                                                                                   
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR L             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 4.625% Non-Cumulative Preferred                                                                          
  Stock, Series LL                                                                                            
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR M             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 4.20% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series MM                                                                                                   
  Alerian MLP Index ETNs due May 24, 2024     AMJ                  NYSE Arca, Inc.                            
  Guarantee of Callable Fixed Rate Notes                                                                      
  due June 10, 2032 of JPMorgan Chase         JPM/32               The New York Stock Exchange                
  Financial Company LLC                                                                                       
                                                                                                              
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2
of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On January 17, 2023, the Board of Directors of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (the “Firm”) adopted amendments to the Firm’s
By-laws, effective January 17, 2023 (as so amended, the “By-laws”), to revise and clarify procedural and disclosure
requirements for the Firm’s stockholders proposing business for consideration or nominating directors for election
at meetings of stockholders, including in order to provide an orderly process in consideration of the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission’s recently adopted “universal proxy card” rules by, among other things:

• Adding Sections 1.09(a)(3) and (5) to enhance disclosure requirements for stockholders intending to nominate
directors or propose other business (other than proposals to be included in the Firm’s proxy statement pursuant to
Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)) (“Proposing Stockholders”)
at meetings of stockholders, including without limitation, to:

◦ require a Proposing Stockholder’s notice to provide more inclusive disclosures and representations in respect of
any proposed nominee, including, among other things, information previously requested only in connection with the
By-laws’ proxy access requirements in Section 1.10;

◦ require a Proposing Stockholder’s notice to provide more inclusive disclosures and representations in respect of
the Proposing Stockholder, including, among other things, information about other stockholders or beneficial owners
known to be supporting the nomination; and

◦ clarifying that certain required disclosures and representations applicable to a Proposing Stockholder also apply
to any beneficial owner of stock on whose behalf the nomination is made, and any person acting in concert with the
Proposing Stockholder or such beneficial owner;

• Adding Section 1.09(a)(6) to require, in connection with the nomination of persons for election to the Board,
that:

◦ prior to submitting the Proposing Stockholder’s notice, a Proposing Stockholder request from the Secretary in
writing the required forms of questionnaire, representation, and agreement;

◦ the Proposing Stockholder’s notice include the completed questionnaire signed by each proposed nominee;

◦ the Proposing Stockholder’s notice include the representation and agreements signed by, as applicable, the
Proposing Stockholder, each proposed nominee, and any other person on whose behalf the nomination is made (each, an
“Applicable Person”), and, among other things

▪ agreeing to update and supplement the disclosures in the Proposing Stockholder’s notice so that such notice is
true and accurate as of the record date and as of the date that is the 10th business day prior to the stockholder
meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof;

▪ agreeing that the proposed nominee will meet with the Firm’s Corporate Governance & Nominating Committee (“CGNC”)
at the CGNC’s reasonable request, to discuss matters relating to the nomination; and

▪ providing certain other representations and agreements previously requested only in connection with the By-laws’
proxy access requirements in Section 1.10.

• Adding Section 1.09(a)(7) to clarify that the Firm may, as a condition of any nomination being deemed properly
brought by a Proposing Stockholder before a stockholder meeting, require any Applicable Person to provide
additional information that could be (i) required by the Firm to assess the independence of the proposed nominee or
whether such proposed nominee meets the requirements for membership on the Board or any committee thereof, or (ii)
material to a reasonable stockholder’s understanding of the qualifications and fitness and/or independence of any
proposed nominee, including, in the case of any proposed nominee that currently serves or has previously served on
the Board, any violation of the Firm’s Corporate Governance Principles, Code of Conduct or any other Firm policies
and guidelines applicable to directors;

• Amending Section 1.09(c) to require a Proposing Stockholder to (i) use a proxy card color other than white and
(ii) certify (and upon request by the Firm, provide reasonable evidence) that it has met the requirements of Rule
14a-19 under the Exchange Act notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) under the Exchange Act. Changes to Section 1.09(c)
also clarify the procedures for the Firm to address deficiencies in stockholder nominations, including clarifying
that, unless required by applicable law, if the Proposing Stockholder provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b)
under the Exchange Act and subsequently fails either to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(2) or (3)
under the Exchange Act or to timely provide reasonable evidence to the Firm that the Proposing Stockholder has met
the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) under the Exchange Act, then such nomination will be disregarded,
notwithstanding any proxies or votes the Firm has received in respect of the Proposing Stockholder’s proposed
nominees.

Other amendments to the By-laws include: revising Sections 1.03, 1.04, 1.07, and 1.11 to conform with developments
in the Delaware General Corporation Law; revising Section 11.01 to clarify the scope of the Emergency By-laws; and
making additional clarifying and conforming revisions.

The foregoing description of the amendments to the By-laws does not purport to be a complete summary and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the By-laws, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 3.2
and incorporated by reference herein .
                                                         2                                                         
                                                                                                                   
   Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
(d) Exhibit
                                                                                                                   
  Exhibit No.    Description of Exhibit                                                                            
  3.2            By-laws of JPMorgan Chase & Co., as amended, effective January 17, 2023                           
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  101            Pursuant to Rule 406 of Regulation S-T, the cover page is formatted in Inline XBRL (Inline        
                 eXtensible Business Reporting Language).                                                          
  104            Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in        
                 Exhibit 101).                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                         3                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                     SIGNATURE                                                     
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                        
  JPMorgan Chase & Co.  
  (Registrant)          
                        
                                
  By:    /s/ John H. Tribolati  
         John H. Tribolati      
         Corporate Secretary    
                                
                              
  Dated:    January 17, 2023  
 ──────────────────────────── 
                              
                                                         4                                                         
