                                                                                                                   
                                                   UNITED STATES                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                              Washington, D.C. 20549                                               
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                     FORM 8-K                                                      
                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                                                  CURRENT REPORT                                                   
                                                                                                                   
                      Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934                       
                                                                                                                   
                        Date of Report (date of earliest event reported): January 17, 2023                         
                                                                                                                   
                                               JPMorgan Chase & Co.                                                
                                                                                                                   
                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                               
                                                                                                                   
  Delaware                                                          1-5805                             13-2624428  
  (State or other jurisdiction of                                   -Commission File Number      -I.R.S. employer  
  incorporation or organization)                                                               identification no.  
  383 Madison Avenue,                                                                                              
                                           New York,    New York                                            10179  
  (Address of principal executive                                                                       -Zip Code  
  offices)                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                        Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 212) 270-6000                        
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation
of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
                                                                                              
  ☐    Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)  
                                                                                              
                                                                                               
  ☐    Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)  
                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))  
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                               
  ☐    Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))  
                                                                                                               
                            Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                            
                                                                                                              
  Title of each class                         Trading Symbol(s)    Name of each exchange on which registered  
  Common stock                                JPM                  The New York Stock Exchange                
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR D             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 5.75% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series DD                                                                                                   
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR C             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 6.00% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series EE                                                                                                   
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR J             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 4.75% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series GG                                                                                                   
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR K             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 4.55% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series JJ                                                                                                   
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR L             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 4.625% Non-Cumulative Preferred                                                                          
  Stock, Series LL                                                                                            
  Depositary Shares, each representing a                                                                      
  one-four hundredth interest in a share      JPM PR M             The New York Stock Exchange                
  of 4.20% Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock,                                                                    
  Series MM                                                                                                   
  Alerian MLP Index ETNs due May 24, 2024     AMJ                  NYSE Arca, Inc.                            
  Guarantee of Callable Fixed Rate Notes                                                                      
  due June 10, 2032 of JPMorgan Chase         JPM/32               The New York Stock Exchange                
  Financial Company LLC                                                                                       
                                                                                                              
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2
of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section
13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

I tem 5.02 (e) Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers;
Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

JPMorgan Chase & Co. (the “Firm”) announced that the independent members of the Board of Directors (the “Board”)
approved the annual compensation for 2022 for Mr. James Dimon, CEO, in the amount of $34,500,000, which is
unchanged from his annual compensation last year. There was no special award granted to Mr. Dimon in 2022 and the
Board has committed to not grant any special awards to him in the future.

Mr. Dimon’s total compensation includes an annual base salary of $1,500,000 and performance-based variable
incentive compensation of $33,000,000. $5,000,000 of the variable incentive compensation will be delivered in cash
and the remaining $28,000,000 will be delivered in the form of at-risk Performance Share Units ("PSUs"). PSUs tie
100% of Mr. Dimon’s annual equity-based compensation to ongoing performance metrics, amounting to 85% of his total
variable incentive compensation. The amounts of base salary, cash incentive and PSUs remain unchanged from last
year. The key features of the PSU program are also consistent with last year, including the financial metric
(return on tangible common equity 1 - "ROTCE") with absolute and relative performance goals, payout levels, vesting
and hold requirements, as well as clawback and recovery provisions 2 .

Amid the significant challenges of strong competition, growing geopolitical tensions, global economic uncertainty,
mounting inflation and higher rates, and the lingering impacts of COVID-19, under Mr. Dimon's stewardship, the Firm
continued to serve its clients and customers around the world during a time of unprecedented business demands,
while investing in and executing on long-term strategic initiatives. In 2022 the Firm reported record revenue for
the 5th consecutive year of $132.3 billion 1 and net income of $37.7 billion, or $12.09 per share, with ROTCE of
18%. The Firm maintained its quarterly common dividend of $1.00 per share and continued to reinforce its fortress
balance sheet.

The Firm ended the year with a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 13.2%, CET1 capital of $219 billion and $1.4 trillion
of cash and marketable securities, providing it with meaningful capacity to support clients and further invest in
its business and communities. During 2022 the Firm raised over $2.4 trillion 3 of credit and capital for its
consumer and institutional clients around the world, which includes individuals, homeowners, small businesses,
larger corporations, schools, hospitals, cities and countries in all regions of the world. The Firm continued its
investments in technology, people, systems and products, as well as its inclusive efforts to help grow economies
and advance cities and neighborhoods around the world, positioning the Firm for future success.

As part of determining Mr. Dimon’s compensation, the Board considered his holistic performance across financial and
non-financial performance dimensions, as well as feedback from investors at the 2022 Annual Meeting and the Firm’s
ongoing shareholder engagement.

In addition to the Firm’s strong financial performance in 2022 and its continued momentum over the long-term, the
Board considered the stability and strength of the Firm’s operating performance during the three years marked by
the pandemic and subsequent reopening of the global economy, which introduced volatility to the Firm’s reported
financial performance primarily as a function of large reserve builds in 2020, followed by subsequent releases in
2021.

The Board also took into account Mr. Dimon’s continued exemplary leadership of the Firm, which continues to be one
of the largest financial services firms in the world and is a leader in investment banking, financial services for
consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management. Under
the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands, the Company serves millions of customers, predominantly in the United States, and
many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients globally.

The Board continues to recognize that the Firm is in a uniquely fortunate position to be led by such a highly
talented and experienced executive who continues to grow the company, maintain market leadership positions,
strengthen the Firm’s reputation, invest at the cutting edge in opportunities for the future, promote diversity and
best practices, manage risk and develop great leaders, while also maintaining his focus on the Firm’s clients.

1 Revenue is on a managed basis. Managed revenue and ROTCE are non-GAAP financial measures. For further discussion,
see notes (a) and (b) on page 6 of Exhibit 99.1 to the Firm’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 13, 2023,
which has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, containing the Firm's earnings press release
for the quarter ended December 31, 2022.

2 Equity incentives are subject to the JPMorgan Chase Bonus Recoupment Policy which applies in the event of a
material restatement of the Firm's financial results. In addition, all equity awards granted in 2023 contain
recapture provisions that enable the Firm to cancel outstanding awards and/or recover the value of certain stock
distributed under the award in specified circumstances. In addition to recapture provisions, portions of equity
awards awarded to the CEO are also subject to additional Protection-based Vesting provisions under which awards may
be cancelled as determined by the Compensation & Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors and
ratified by the Board of Directors.

3 Credit provided to clients represents new and renewed credit, including loans and commitments.
                                                         2                                                         
                                                                                                                   
   Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
(d) Exhibit
                                                                                                                   
  Exhibit No.    Description of Exhibit                                                                            
  101            Pursuant to Rule 406 of Regulation S-T, the cover page is formatted in Inline XBRL (Inline        
                 eXtensible Business Reporting Language).                                                          
  104            Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in        
                 Exhibit 101).                                                                                     
                                                                                                                   
                                                         3                                                         
                                                                                                                   
                                                     SIGNATURE                                                     
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
                        
  JPMorgan Chase & Co.  
  (Registrant)          
                        
                                
  By:    /s/ John H. Tribolati  
         John H. Tribolati      
         Corporate Secretary    
                                
                              
  Dated:    January 19, 2023  
 ──────────────────────────── 
                              
                                                         4                                                         
